It's dark, and hell is hot
Ain't no sunshine when it's on
Only darkness every day
Ain't no sunshine when it's on, cause when it's on
ya niggaz know to be gone, everytime, cause we don't play
"Who turned out the lights?" is what niggaz be sayin
Now you don't wanna fight, but y'all niggaz be playin
Thinkin it's alright, keep playin with that role
And you gonna know the night, when you layin in that hole
Dirt gettin tossed in yo' grave, now it's all over
Preacher said "You was brave," but now it's all over
You just one of the many, plenty, I done gave it to
(*boom*) Ain't no savin you
No matter how many tears your moms' cried
Ain't gon bring yo' ass back, plus in hell you gon' fry
Why? But now the only two relative questions
is "Do we bury him or burn? Any suggestions?"
Either way, you up out of here for good
Now when niggaz mention your name they knockin on wood
Did I, get my, point across?
Another body on the shottie another joint I toss
+ everytime, cause we don't play..
everytime, cause we don't play..
It ain't no sunshine when the Dark Man comes out
And I want mine, so I plan to keep my gun out
We got four 9's, so niggaz run in and run out
But I bust mine, cause I'd like to hear some shouts
Get at me dog, niggaz know how its goin dizzy
When it comes to that flow, I gets busy
Who is he? Dark Man, of the unknown
(GRRR, ARF!) One dog, one bone
Now who ain't goin home? Looks like you
You hear strike one, talkin shit, strike two
Won't be a strike three, cause I don't play fair
I'ma look you in your eye while he hit you from the rear
Be like - yeah, holdin you up cuz you fallin (WHAT?)
The Lord ain't comin, 'til niggaz stop callin
You was ballin, a minute ago, in it for dough
'til it was, "Yo, I swear to God, I didn't know"
+ everytime, cause we don't play..
everytime, cause we don't play..
And I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
Whatchu think you gon' get, fuck around with my dough
Just so it ain't no mistakes, this is my show
One (one) two (two) three, here I go!
Your shit is quick, and your shit is slick, but this shit is thick
Ain't you hear this shit? Damn right, I can finish shit
If you caught that verse without a rewind you can see mine
but you be blind, I'll do it 360 and come up from behind
Tap you on your shoulder, have you turnin around
Hit you with somethin that'll have you burnin the ground
Be like, "Damn, ain't nuttin left of money, but a pile of ash"
Life is good, so please enjoy it while it lasts
Cause you know ain't got much longer to go
The quicker you go depends on the stronger the flow
And niggaz know, I don't give a FUCK, right or wrong
There ain't no sunshine when it's on
+ everytime, cause we don't play..
everytime, cause we don't play..
Soon as I cop the nine, I pop the nine
When I take it out the box, I represent Lox
Now when I flow, you hit the rewind button
So I charge out more, want it all at the door
Fuck heat, Sheek walk around with an oven
Who you gonna kill with that little Foreman grill?
How its gon' look when I come through your block?
Sheek, Funk Doc, Meth on top
Porsche, 300 horse fly by, back open pumpin How High (How High)
Yeah, can y'all see that (See that)
Bitch you can call me what you want, 'cuz I'll Be Dat (Be Dat)
Get off my dick, I don't care about no jewels
Long as the condo's paid and the truck I choose
I'm tellin y'all niggas, if its not double R
I'ma spell my name out on the side of your car
Come and Ruff Ryde with us
If you wanna get high with us
If you wanna get down with us
Come on nooooowwwww
Come and Ruff Ryde with us
If you wanna get high with us
If you wanna get down with us
Come on nooooowwwww
I got a twin cam exhaust connected to the jaw
A five speed clutch on my paw when I ride
I glow like the pegs in Lite-Brite
3000 bolts of lightening when fly the right kite
Me and Meth be hennesey, two ice cubes
We can draw (Choose your weapons) or do I choose?
When I choose the grip, one shot lose your hip
I hope your shoes fit for this move and pick
My avalanche it came with, ten feet of snow
I'm cold blooded, my fam half eskimo
My flows move like endo
Turn ten nickels into ten loads, outta ten stoves
Ride the crash course, do the math on it
Swizz Beats you can ride Amtrak on it
But I'm on it, grillin with George Foreman
Ya peeps is at the Grammy awards cornin
The ice, the fat wallet son, I won it
In the helicopter, warmin before morning
Def Jam nigga, Redman nigga, Doc
Fuck ya momma on my sweat band nigga
You tough guys will get smacked in the club
With the gun I bought from Mack in the club
Its P-P-P from Bricks to Brook-nam (Come on)
Bring me some more ass to whoop on
Look what the cat dragged in
Underground dweller from the cellar bring terror
Scoop of high yellow cinderella, Meth forever
Never rush a rhyme, hook could never bust my nine
But if I have to, I have to, its all in the mind
I stay ahead of time while y'all fallin behind
Tryin to relight ya lime, its a crime when I drop ??? design
That tick it, tick boom, blow your mind
Yeah me, M-E-T, H, the O, the D
Can't be done like tryin to find a penny in the sea
Nigga run for cover son go and get them guns
Y'all ain't from here, don't try to come around and gettin ones
Swizz Beat the track in the head, but I instead
Pull my ?dart gun? and bust sixteen until its dead
I'm the game, all of my dogs be off the chain
Yellin Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang
I want you to ask yourself one question
If you had twenty four hours to live, what would you do
That's some deep shit right there, a lot of pressure
How would you handle it
Mase, what would you do
Yo, I'd turn out all the hoes that's heterosexual
Smack conceited niggas right off the pedestal
I'd even look for my dad that I never knew
And show him how I look in my Beretta, too
I'd do good shit like take kids from the ghetto
Show them what they could have if they never settle
Take every white kid from high class level
Show 'em what Christmas like growin' up in the ghetto
Teach niggas how to spend, stack the rest
Give blunts to the niggas under massive stress
Give every bum on the street cash to invest
And hope Harlem will blow up be my last request
Yo, yo if I had twenty four hours to kick the bucket, fuck it
I'd probably eat some fried chicken and drink a Nantucket
Then go get a jar from Branson
And make sure I leave my mother the money to take care of grandson
Load the three power, hop in the Eddie Bauer
And go give all six to that papi that sold me flour
Get a fresh baldy, make a few calls
Shop at the mall, shoot a lil' ball
Have all of my bitches on one telly at the same time
Spread it out on different floors
And I'm gon' play lotto, for what
Even though I ain't gon' be here tomorrow, so what
You know when I was close to the ledge
I'd probably be in the wedge
With this bare spanish mami playin' 'tween my legs
Then I'm off to get choke and smoke one a them dreads
And get that bitch from '89 that gave us up to the feds
Thought of momma, wrote her a note, we ain't close
I hate her boyfriend so I put one in his throat
Fuck around and sniff an ounce of raw, bust the four
Fours, pull out my dick and take a piss on the floor
Jump in the whip, git them cats I wanted to git
Since the Tavern on the Green robbery in eighty-six
Went home took a shower in nice cold water
And spent my last hours wit my son and my daughter
[1] - If you had twenty four hours to live just think
Where would you go
What would you do
Who would you screw
And who would you wanna notify
Or would yo' ass deny that yo' ass about to die
If you had twenty four hours to live just think
Where would you go
What would you do
Who would you screw
And who would you wanna notify
Or would yo' ass deny that yo' ass about to die
What hey yo, if I had twenty four nigga gotta get the raw
Run all them papi's spot, put one in his head at the door
For the times that I paid for twenty an he gave me twelve
The other eight had to be baking soda by itself
So papi fuck you, you dead now, I'm off to the bank
With those bricks in a bookbag and a stolen Jag I just grabbed
Went in there grabbed the bank teller wit the pretty face
Fuck her in the safe, and have her take me to my place
We'll make a kid but that's selfish and that'll be bad
For my son to have the same shit his pops just had
And when I'm down to twenty three, I'm a be strapped wit TNT
Run up in city hall and take the judges wit me
If I had twenty four hours to live, I'd probably die on the fifth
Run in the station squeezin the inf'
I'll be waitin' to get to hell and bust down Satan
Styles' on this shit and I got spot vacant
Back to the twenty four I make it out the precinct
Shootin niggas that I hate in they face while they eatin'
I'm on the job robbin' every so-called Don
Give the money to my moms and tell her that I'm gone
I would school my little brother that niggas mean him harm
He should learn to tell the future without readin' palms
When they come in with the bullets, you prepared with the bomb
So fuck bein' violent get stocks and bonds
Twenty four left until my death
So I'm gon' waste alot of lives, but I'll cherish every breath
I know exactly where I'm goin', but I'mma send you there first
And with the shit that I'll be doin', I'mma send you there worse
I've been livin' with a curse, and now it's all about to end
But before I go, say hello to my little friend
But I gots to make it right, reconcile with my mother
Try to explain to my son, tell my girl I love her
C-4 up under the coat, snatch up my dog
Turn like three buildings on Wall Street, into a fog
Out with a bang, you will remember my name
I wanted to live forever, but this wasn't fame
4, 3, 2, 1
[Redman] Hahh [Method] hah
[Method] Yeah [Redman] yeahhh
[LL Cool J] Make it butter
[Redman] I'm gonna Bankhead bounce!
[LL Cool J] No doubt
[Redman] Aiyyo watch yo mouth!
[Redman] Aiyyo, one two three four five six seven
Blaze the hot
[LL Cool J] trizack that sound like heaven
Seven six five four three two one
My mon Meth-Tical come and get some
Playin my position, hot Nixon
This one, for all the sick ones, confliction
Posionous darts sickening, best believe
finger itchin with two broke legs, now I'm trippin
on MC's cliche, shot that ricochets
start trouble bust bubbles, hip to wicked ways
Gotta love me, G-O-D no one above me
Look good but fuck ugly, tap your jaw
from my punch, watch your son and you
Got you shittin in your last Huggie, runnin who
Fuckin punk, get a speed bump comin through
A single shot make your knees knock, respect Wu
Aiyyo I put it on a nigga, shit it on a nigga
Turnin Christian to a certified sinner
The bomb I release, time pent up (explodes)
While you got set up I was hittin your ex hoe
Shit I kept low, petro' your metro
Politic, keep the chickenheads gobblin
Shit I'm drivin in, come with funk halogen
Terrorize your city, from the spliff committee
Kick ass till both Timberlands turn shitty
Gritty, smack the driver's head in the chin see
When I approach rappers be takin notes
I drop like I shoulda invented the raincoat
Absolut, I love to burn to the roots
I keep comin til your pour sperm from your boots
Vigilante hardcore to the penis
Tell you fuck you my attitude is anemic
I'm the illest nigga alive, watch me prove it
I snatch your crown witcha head still attatched to it
Canibus is the type who'll fight for mics
Beatin niggaz to death and beatin dead niggaz to life
When you look at me long enough, I start to read your thoughts
if the signal was strong enough, and then I'll call your bluff
like, "Yo, how many rhymes you got" I think I'll go on
for more Milleniums than Mazda's got on the car lot
And there's nowhere to run ta, when I confront ya
Nigga, I call your bluff like you had a phone number
Who wanna see Canibus get wild, who wanna act fly and
get shot down with a surface-to-air missile
I take em on in all shapes sizes and forms and spit on
anybody who ain't close enough to shit on
Zero to sixty I'm already doin a hundred
when I'm blunted and I give it to any nigga that want it
Stay out the dark, cause if I catch you when the sun is down
Run it clown, come up off that, or I'm gon' gun it down
When in doubt, however skull goes, it's gon' be that
See that, that shit'll finish you dawg, believe that
Where we at, do your value your life, as much as your possesions
Don't be a stupid nigga, learn a lesson
I'm gon' get you either way, and it's better to live
Let me get what's between your sock, cause it's, better to give
than receive, believe what I say when I tell you
Don't make me put your somewhere where nobody'll smell you
And when the lights is out, they don't come back on
This ain't a flick you ain't gon' come back on, you ain't that strong
You knew it was wrong, but you asked for it baby
You'se a pink nigga, ski mask for it baby
so I can hit you up on front teeth, you think I'm sweet
Want heat One deep, leave him behind, front seat
[Redman] Aiyyo, one [Meth] two [Red] three [Meth] four
[Red] five [Meth] six [Red] seven
Blaze the hot trizack
[Method] Shine like heaven
Seven [Red] six [Meth] five [Red] four
[Meth] three [Red] two [Meth] one
[Redman] Come on Mr. Smith, come get some!
When young sons fantasize of borrowing flows
tell little shorty with the big mouth the bank is closed (yeah, word up)
The symbol on my arm is off limits to challengers
You hold the rusty swords I swing the Excalibur
How dare you step up in my dimension
Your little ass should be somewher cryin on detention
Watch your mouth better yet hold your tongue
I'ma do this shit for free this time this one's for fun
Blow you to pieces, leave you covered in feces
with one thesis ("LL Cool J is hard")
Every little boy wanna pick up the mic
and try to run with the big boys and live up to the real hype
But that's like pickin up a ball, playin with Mike
Swingin at Ken Griffey or challengin Roy to a fight
Snappin, you ameteur MC's
Don't you know I'm like the Dream Team tourin overseas
For rappers in my circle I'm a deadly disease
Ringmaster, bringin a tiger cub to his knees (uhh)
In the history of rap they've never seen such prominence
Your naive confidence gets crushed by my dominance (word up)
Now let's get back to this mic on my arm
If it ever left my side it'd transform into a time bomb
You don't wanna borrow that, you wanna idolize
And you don't wanna make me mad nigga you wanna socalize
And I'm daring every MC in the game
to play yourself out position, and mention my name
I make a rhyme for every syllable in your name
Go platinum for every time your grimy ass was on the train
Watch your mouth don't ever step out of line
LL Cool J nigga, greatest of all time
Kid: yo, yo, let me hit that. Let me hit that yo.
DMX: yo what's up shorty? Here.
Kid: yo.
DMX: yeah?
Kid: yo man I'm tryin to get this money man.
DMX: but dog you gotta think about loyalty first, ya know what I'm sayin? You got loyalty, money will come. Ya know what I'm sayin, keep it real with ya niggaz.
Kid: na, na, fuck that man, I'm tryin to eat yo, fuck them yo. I'm ready to do anything for this money man. Do shit by myself, do anything for this money.
DMX: give me my motherfuckin blunt back. You got a lot to learn dog.
Ay yo I kick it to shorty and try and help him understand
Hit em with work cause yo that's ma lil man
He asked a few questions bout tha game and I told him
So when he made a bad move it was ma place 2 scull him
Never told him nuttin wrong
Kept it fair
He didn't listen so I might as been talkin to the air
Everybody makes a few mistakes
A mistake is aight
If it's not then I'm a tell you straight time to say goodnight
Nobody likes to be played regardless of the relationship
But shorty fuckin up big time I hate this shit
I'm caught in the middle of havin luv for a lil nigga
What was expected of me as a real nigga
Ma next move is crucial
What do I do?
How do I keep it real with shorty and ma crew
Didn't wanna kill em so instead of puttin tha mac on him
Did the only thing I could do turn my back on him.
(aight)
Here we go again
Same ol shit dawg just a different day
Here we go again
You know how niggas do when we play how we play
Here we go again
A mans gotta do what a man gotta do
Here we go again
So if it's fuck me nigga you know it's fuck you.
The niggas I fuck with I wanna get em dead
But I'm kool with shorty's peoples so I let me live
Under normal circumstances he would be a marks man
But I just hit em with a gram
Just didn't shake his hand
Go on bout ya business
Be what you wanna be
Do what u wanna do
I washed ma hands I'm threw
I can forgive I just cant forget
You on ya own lil man don't ask me for shit
If u paid attention to what I told you then u good
If I see u next time get it understood
Go on before I change ma mind cause u know you should be dead
I just wanna say "aight" go head
My instincts told me sumthin
But I'm a good nigga plus I owe his peeps a favor
But I also knew that the decision I just made
Went against the rules of the game that we play
I should of followed ma first instinct
Cause I knew
Sometimes u gotta do what u gotta do
Now this nigga fuckin with the competition
Ungrateful muthafucka should of got him missing
He had the nerve to take ma kindness for a weakness
Gotta get back on some street shit so I can creep this
When I act
Take 1
Set em up
Take 2
Get'em there
Take 3
Get em done
Wasn't hard to get him where I wanted him
Confronted him
Zzzzz click.there was a bullet in 1 of them
Feeling lucky
Click
Looks like you are
Click click click
Luck ain't goin to far
See what you did was put on another pare of shoes
That just happen to be to big
What you did was stupid
Real fuckin stupid
Well shorty I gave you a chance and what did you do
Threw it back in my fuckin face so fuck you to
Chorus till fade
You got a minute for yo' son father, I need to talk
I'm so tired of tryin to run father, let's take a walk
I'm so sorry for what I done father, it ain't my fault
But the devil's been on my back lately, he's like a hawk
You never give us more than we can handle, but it's gettin hard
And I'm a strong individual, but I need you God
Lot of things that I used to, I don't wanna
run the streets like I used to, I know I'm gonna
speak the word for you one day
Up in there like, "Hallelujah!" on Sunday
I thank you Lord for the blessings that you gave me
And for my life with the blessings you have saved me
And for my wife you have carried me enough times - and that's the truth
Married me to rough times, throughout my youth
And through it all I saw that you was still with me
I was that one lost sheep and you was comin to get me
Lord you got me like.. your love got me like..
Lord you got me like.. your love got me like..
Lord you got me like.. your love got me like..
Lord you got me like.. your love got me like..
I look at life a little different now, since you hugged me
And I always loved my peoples, but now they love me
Thank you for the love Lord, we praise ya
Jacob's descendants, from Africa to Asia
Pleadin the blood of Christ over our life
Wrong or right, just help us make it through the night and we'll
shout yo' name in times of need
And times of joy, and, when we bleed
And, when we are overcome with greed
You ain't gon' half to tell me twice, I'ma take heed
And because of what you've given me, I know you'll deliver me
And I won't drown no matter how deep the river be
You are the strength I, never knew I had
Kept the heart good when they told me it was bad
All praises due to ya
That's why I had to dedicate somethin new to ya, thank you father
Uhh..
I never knew a love like, this before
Messin with the thug life I, missed it all
You opened the doors and, let me in
I'm down for the cause so, let's begin
Prayers that you give to me I give to them
Same way you live in me I live in them
Life is a blessing now
You got me smilin from inside of my heart, when inside it was dark
And it doesn't rain anymore
Only sunshine, no pain anymore, I really love my
You washed away the tears with the fears
I'm happier than I've ever been in my life, the whole thirty years
You know that! one day I'll speak the word
You know that! when I do I will be heard
You know that! you gave me a permanent smile
And you know this father because I'm yo' child, what?
Uh......This should go out to my dawg Kato....rest in piece baby....he's the kingpin
Dawgs that i called my friends
Praying for all my friends
Things i do for my friends
We miss you, Kato! Kato!
Started of two dawgs wit the the goals
Nuttin but two dawgs walkin the same road
Two different cultures, but had the same heart
Enjoyed seein the light, but lived in the dark
5th album bumped heads in the park alot
Was a pride brother, didnt like to bark alot
Came correct, when he came, he gained respect
So i gave respect, we shared the same respect
Two names in wreck now on the circles
Two brothers with good heart, but if you start, two brothers that will hurt you
You know how that dirt, hittin four corners
Earh! Earh! Earh! Earh!, right back upon us
God tried to warn us but sometimes we dont see
When i first heard im like "this cant be, yall niggaz is buggin
Got the wrong information or suttin, please tell me that these niggaz is frontin
God No"
Dawgs that i called my friends
Praying for all my friends
Things i do for my friends
We miss you,(We miss) Kato! (you) Kato! (Kato)
Dawgs that i called my friends
(We Miss) Praying (You) for (Kato) all my friends
We miss you,(We miss) Kato! (you) Kato! (Kato)
If its ok, let me kick it wit you for a minute
There left unsaid dawg we wasnt finished
Never got to say thank you for bein a friend
Dawgs! for Life! and you, will role to the end
Held dawg down didnt let a day go by
Everytime dawg came to the shy (what!)
I was good, trips out to Phoenix with the scrambling squad
If i come back to Phoenix im like, damn its hard
To accept the fact (Uh), that you wont be comin back (Uh)
But i hope your comin back (Uh), cause i wont accept the fact (Uuhh!)
When you came to New York, You had to come to the crib
And vise-versa (Yeah!), thats just how we did
Remote-contol cars (What!), we would race all day
It was adventure, we would chase all day (Yeah!)
So im not gon say good-bye ma nigga (uh uh)
Instead i would rather (Rather) focus on the time we spent together
Thats what matters (for real)
Dawgs that i called my friends
Praying for all my friends
Things i do for my friends
We miss you,(We miss) Kato! (you) Kato! (Kato)
Dawgs that i called my friends
(We Miss) Praying (You) for (Kato) all my friends
We miss you,(We miss) Kato! (you) Kato! (Kato)
I need you to save me a spot next to you and the Lord (Aight)
I dont know when im comin but keep checkin the door (Aight)
But while im here, knock on wood
I'll make sure your kids remember who they farther was and Val is good (aight!)
Understood how real niggaz move, we dont talk (We dont talk)
But you gon' always have family in New York, believe that (Yeah)
Where you at you can see that
We dawgs for life and in death and i mean that, Vato
Dawgs that i called my friends
Praying for all my friends
Things i do for my friends
We miss you,(We miss) Kato! (you) Kato! (Kato)
Dawgs that i called my friends
(We Miss) Praying (You) for (Kato) all my friends
We miss you,(We miss) Kato! (you) Kato! (Kato)
Yo........Where The Hood at is bangin right now man.....
That was your favourate joint baby (We miss you Kato)
Its goin just like we thought it would baby......
(We miss you Kate) Ye.......(We Miss you Kato).......
I'll always love you K
Uhh
Swizz beats (Uhh uhh)
Nigga, ryde or die (uhh uhh uhh)
DMX what what (uhh uhh uhh)
Ain't no way you're gonna stop my flow
Ain't no way ya niggaz you just don't know
But niggaz is about to go oh no oh no
Ain't no way you're gonna stop my shine
Ain't no way you niggaz wanna stop mine
Ya niggaz must be out yo mind, I don't know why
What the fuck is you niggaz pressin me for
I saw more ass than a ho and you stressin the raw
If I was testin your jaw, maybe then you would respect me
But you can't respect me cuz you dont even know me
Nigga check me (come on)
I'm that motherfucker that'll put you to sleep, while you sleepin
WRONG: Then die from a hundred feet, you just knew you was creepin
RIGHT: Red dot from a hundred feet, you just knew you was creepin
Bad decisions lead to last decisions
Fast collision, now yo ass is missin (what)
Take it over there now you bring it back to the streets
Have you forgotten what it means when a dog shows his teeth?
Let me break it down for you he's about to attack you
Still standin here faggot? You must want me to smack you
You ain't been there or done that, fuck is y'all niggaz tellin me
I'm the only nigga, walkin the streets with four felonies
But peep this, I see shit is hard, niggaz is strugglin
Leave rap alone for a little while, go back to hustlin
Give it to niggaz just how they give it to, me
Hit em in a rhyme because I'm a MC
Been a lot of places most niggaz won't, see
That's why I'm at a level that y'all niggaz won't, be
Let your man hold somethin now he want, more
You ain't no fuckin killer what was the front, for
It was a time when the world was at your front, door
Now they change places niggaz want, raw
Niggaz laugh at me and was mad at me
Cuz the way life was goin had to be a, tragedy
But after me, it's over, I'ma take the whole verse
I'm tryin to keep it real that's why I let y'all niggaz go first
But you looked a gift horse right in the mouth
Didn't appreciate what you got when you got it
so if I see it, I'ma dot it, where to hide it
you gotta car better drive it the fuck up outta here
and hope and pray I don't pull up alongside it
COME ON
Niggaz don't know so I gotta flip
It seem they've forgotten how dark it could get
Barks like a pit scratch when I hit
We both know you pussy but you stay talkin shit
What I'ma have to do dog, run up in yo mess
Catch you while you comfortable put one up in yo chest
One up in yo vest, of course they the hollows
You goin' away today, you just lost tomorrow
I'ma go platinum (nah) you gots to be kiddin WHY
Make it double platinum, no bullshittin
And I'ma stay flippin flows, rippin shows
Strippin ho's, gettin dough let me go
And nigaz know, who the best is
The dog, DMX is the rest is or might as well be helpless
I wreck this cuz when I wreck shit
I might snatch a niggaz necklace
Then go from like midnight to breakfast
COME ON
(feat. Regina Bell)
What good is it..
for a man to, gain the world..
yet lose his own soul, in the process
[Bell] God loves you, yes he does
Said you're alright with him
[DMX] I wonder..
I know you never seen him but don't fight with him
You're gonna make it through the night to the light with him
Uhh, you're alright with him
I said you're alright with him
I'm callin out to you Lord, because I need your help
See once again I'm havin difficulty savin myself
behavin myself, you told me what to do, and I do it
But every and now and then, gets a little harder to go through it
Losin friends, day by day
I'm in so much pain when I'm here Lord, please take me away
I put you here to do a job, and your work ain't done
To live is to suffer, but you're still my son
And there will be a time when you shine as bright as the stars
But there won't be a, his or hers, just ours
Then you'll see what I've been tryin to show you, all these years
Do the right thing; cause after the tears, come the cheers
I will, my Lord, with my heart, and my soul
That's gonna be how I roll, from now until I'm old
Lead and I'll follow, you take away the sorrow
I'ma sleep on what you said and holla back tomorrow
I want you to know Lord, that for what you've given me I'm thankful
Sincerely, from the bottom of my heart, I'm grateful
You gave us power in our words, so I think before I speak
And that way when I speak, they know I'm here to teach
Can't tell em nothin wrong, cause I love em too much
I reach a lot of people, and Lord, I'm lovin the touch
But deep inside, I've got somethin that's workin against
everything I know is right, what I know makes sense
That's when you must fight harder, than you've ever fought before
cause what you've got goin on inside you is a war
between good and evil, be careful of those who wanna be you
They smile, but are not really happy when they see you
Be careful of the ones that always wanna get you high
Cause when the time comes, that one'll let you die
Listen to me! I'm here, but I can only help you
if you want me to help, what do you want for yourself
My Lord, my saviour, don't judge my behaviour
but instead, take what's in my heart and put it in my head
See I guess I really never knew, how proud I made you
My life is yours, my soul I gave you
I don't know if I'll do good enough (he's by your side)
And we both know the hood is rough (right by your side)
Sometimes I don't know what to do (X, dry your eyes)
But I know what I gotta do (it'll be alright)
You keep givin me the word, and I'll put it to song
Talk to me, I'll talk to them, and we can't go wrong
This is the start of somethin strong, and this is just the start of it
Praises to you my Lord, for lettin me be a part of it
I was that kid that, been there, did that
Became ashamed so I hid that
But, ain't no longer with that
Use me as an example - if I can do, then they can too
With the Lord behind us, there ain't nothin that we can't do
He's by your side
Right by your side
X, dry your eyes
cause it'll be alright
Yeah, he's by your side
Right by your side
X, dry your eyes
Cause, it'ssssssssss gonna be alright
Yeah yeah, yes it isssssssssss
What good is it..
for a man to, gain the world..
yet lose his own soul, in the process?
[Bell] God loves you, yes he does
Said you're alright with him
[DMX] I wonder..
Chorus: Regina Bell (repeat 2X)
I know you never seen him but don't fight with him
You're gonna make it through the night to the light with him
Uhh, you're alright with him
I said you're alright with him
I'm callin out to you Lord, because I need your help
See once again I'm havin difficulty savin myself
behavin myself, you told me what to do, and I do it
But every now and then, gets a little harder to go through it
Losin friends, day by day
I'm in so much pain when I'm here Lord, please take me away
I put you here to do a job, and your work ain't done
To live is to suffer, but you're still my son
And there will be a time when you shine as bright as the stars
But there won't be a, his or hers, just ours
Then you'll see what I've been tryin to show you, all these years
Do the right thing; cause after the tears, come the cheers
I will, my Lord, with my heart, and my soul
That's gonna be how I roll, from now until I'm old
Lead and I'll follow, you take away the sorrow
I'ma sleep on what you said and holla back tomorrow
Chorus
I want you to know Lord, that for what you've given me I'm thankful
Sincerely, from the bottom of my heart, I'm grateful
You gave us power in our words, so I think before I speak
And that way when I speak, they know I'm here to teach
Can't tell em nothin wrong, cause I love em too much
I reach a lot of people, and Lord, I'm lovin the touch
But deep inside, I've got somethin that's workin against
everything I know is right, what I know makes sense
That's when you must fight harder, than you've ever fought before
cause what you've got goin on inside you is a war
between good and evil, be careful of those who wanna be you
They smile, but are not really happy when they see you
Be careful of the ones that always wanna get you high
Cause when the time comes, that one'll let you die
Listen to me! I'm here, but I can only help you
if you want me to help, what do you want for yourself?
Chorus
My Lord, my saviour, don't judge my behaviour
but instead, take what's in my heart and put it in my head
See I guess I really never knew, how proud I made you
My life is yours, my soul I gave you
I don't know if I'll do good enough (he's by your side)
And we both know the hood is rough (right by your side)
Sometimes I don't know what to do (X, dry your eyes)
But I know what I gotta do (it'll be alright)
You keep givin me the word, and I'll put it to song
Talk to me, I'll talk to them, and we can't go wrong
This is the start of somethin strong, and this is just the start of it
Praises to you my Lord, for lettin me be a part of it
I was that kid that, been there, did that
Became ashamed so I hid that
But, ain't no longer with that
Use me as an example - if I can do, then they can too
With the Lord behind us, there ain't nothin that we can't do
Chorus
He's by your side
Right by your side
X, dry your eyes
cause it'll be alright
Yeah, he's by your side
Right by your side
X, dry your eyes
Cause, it's gonna be alright
Yeah yeah, yes it is
Ayo, ayo, ayo, ayo!
Uh! I'm not to be f**ked with
It ain't no secret 'bout how its going down once I put on the pressure
It ain't nothing but another n*gga put on a stretcher
With a blanket over his face, take him to the morgue with the waste
'Cuz he was in the wrong place at the wrong time
So I gave it to him in his chest
In his throat, in his head, in his back, through his vest, yes
Ain't a whole lot to braking a n*gga down fast
They call me black 'cuz thats how I'm gon' be on that ass
Y'all p*ssy n*ggas think y'all sweet
But ain't a f**kin thing going down til I eat
So can I beef? You betta while you still got teeth
'Cuz they about to get knocked out, hopped out
On that ass with a blast that'll make ya sh*t drop out
Popped out, through a you know what
Cuz you know why, and you know my
Motherf**kin name up in this game
And b*tch, you know I
Will never be crossed flippin, but on some east coast terms
New York n*ggas do, f**k the perms
This thing right here.. (yeah yeah)
is for my peoples in the streets.. (ha hah) Swizz Beats (uh huh)
And this thing right here.. (Ruff Ryders)
will get your ass off your feet (Remix! .. c'mon)They call me Drag On when it's time to bomb
I burn em all til they all say turn em offCause these chips I'ma run em all
Chickenheads know I be the ColonelCause I burn eternal mixed wit the inferno
So be careful, 'fore I burn youYou better learn dude, yeah I heard you
but I'ma hurt you, but you don't know'My versatile, is a virtue
Ruff Ryders be the team, which meansa lot cream, lot of schemes
Lot of beams to make your stock drop, right on the seams
Nigga here is too hot and too much for you to touch
Better tell your man cause I'm too tough Indubitably, too dust
Do you bust? Cause we doYou need to ask the people, but quietly
But they don't believe until they leave violently Is you buying this?
Cause niggaz that purchased is under the dirt kid
They call me Drag-On; I'm the youngest but get bonkers
Collabo' wit my dogs from Yonkersbut this Bronx bomber's spittin flame
so you better wear your armorFlame on!Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X)
My dogs gon' STOP, your dogs gon' DROP
And then we gon' SHUT EM DOWN, OPEN UP SHOP
First we had em like OHHH, now they like NOOO
What baby?!! THAT'S HOW RUFF RYDERS ROLLWhen I pop up, I lock shop up, pull the drop up
Park a block up, hit the alarm, put the top up
Stash the 'dro in my sock then pull my sock up
And keep the burner but if it's hot put my glock up
You know what I'm about, slidin off get my cock sucked
Or writin rhymes watching Scarface in the hot tub
Whatchu wanna bet, when I pull it out
if you don't shout that every bullet'll go in and out
Who you know besides 'Kiss take the piss in the bottle of Crist'
and then give it to a modelin bitch
And you like your watch plain, I'ma flood mine
Alligator bloodline trained to find coke and bite one timeY'all niggaz ain't hearin me out, til I pop up
appear in your house, clearin it out, holiday style
Everybody actin violent and wild
Snatch the wife silence the child, that's how we move
Kill me my man kill you, that's how you lose
I Ruff Ryde, I don't like to slide felt that I slipped
Then the gun's only helpin the clipAnd the clip's only helpin my hand
And like who the fuck is helpin your man'When I cock back and hop out the van
Double R, get a job, play the shit in the car
Hit a party start a fight at the bar, it's natu-ral
Sell your shit for some coke and get the fuck out of DodgeGuess you figured that my niggaz, flippers, pullin triggers
News team crowd around, tryin to flick a picture
Get witcha, this bitch from Illadelph marches quicker
Nigga not makin sense better stay up off the liquor
Blonde bombshell, car-a-mel, heavy spender
Groups be sayin I'm they sister, hush ya mouth 'fore I hit ya
Stickin in wiseguys, fake thugs, and bullshitters
Take you for a ride, cover up your eye, then I get ya
Used to be shy-er, now I'ma Ruff Ryder
Big niggaz play me close, when they used to ride by her
Snatchin up your figures, frontin, know you dig us
Haters, screamin, "Who that bitch?" (UHH, UHH)Mind your business niggaChorus
[DJ Clue * talking over chorus *]Yeah!! DJ Clue!The Professional! Part One
C'mon! Mad shout out, Donnie BrascoeBig Skate, Duro.. CLUE!Uhh, uhh, uhh..The X is gonna hit y'all niggaz hard, leave y'all niggaz scarred
Fuckin with the Dog when you fuckin with the God
Rip y'all niggaz off, faggot niggaz soft
Remember me from up North, I had you scared to cough
My name is ringin bells, in penitentiary cells
I'm making thugs rebel, ain't hard to tell
You never really wanted it, so the mic you jumped in front of it
Outta sixteen shots I'ma hit, which one of you niggaz am I gonna get
Thought you knew what I was gonna spit, this time with this rhyme
but by the end of it, y'all niggaz is gon' be like, "Yo X ripped it!"
Did my thing as usual it's never gon' stop
Them cats can't be for real, I got this shit locked
Is that a game or a joke? Say the name or get smoked
Simple as that, simple as black, to the throat
Hit em all up to the coat, now you losin your life
A dog is a dog for life
Jay! Fuck that
This is it right here baby!
You know what it is
Yo, I used to have bad luck
Now you might see me in a Jag truck
Mad stuck either with a dime or a bad duck
Double R T with the matchin bandana
38-snub blue steel with no hammer
And I see all ya niggaz tryin to glance at the Kiss
Cuz I walk around with your whole advance on my wrist
Phonin your women, drunk off Corona's and lemon
And you know I'm still right in the main
Light in the green
I need to bug it even though I look right in the beam
Judge find out it's my team, he boost they bails
Niggaz floss on their album, try to boost their sales
We put our pies on the table when our eyes on a label
Cuz them rednecks up in the mountains will try to slay you
Call me raspy tell you what I want you to know
Fuck what you ask me you probably don't want me to blow
I got a lot of horsepower so I'm able to stick
Usually a good nigga even though I'm able to flip
You pay 30 for the 'Kiss, 100 for The L.O.X>
And if we coo', then I write a hook for a drop
Whatever's in the bank is my bet
A zebu's my pet
And get in the bed and with the legs then that
Aiyyo, when my gun bust send niggaz to the fish like swamps and
New York's youngest Bumpy Johnson
I put fear in y'all heads
Sheek looks type a nigga that gasoline yall beds
And that's warning
If you all alive in the morning, that's fine
Now I suggest you hit the block and get what's rightfully mine
I want PC, see me tuck in your chains
I got niggaz my pops say that lifestyle ain't changed
It's like wake up move a brick half-of-a-slow
Make car money check with Sheek go fuck with a hoe
I rock a waste slim mink do-rag under my fittish
And I don't need rework waves, Timbs be halfway new
That Sheek in the dresser club cuz I don't fuck with shoes
And from a nigga's life, I swear to the Bible, let it be told
I put 30 in your head, all in the same hole
Cuz we all got the same goal and you tryin to tamper with mine
Don't make me mothafuckin leave you with some shit in your spine
Fuck with me, you be a was nigga
Nigga was dope
Nigga was gettin money before I extorted your coke
What, you crazy?
Aiyyo, catch me with a 38, box and shells
In a 98 Lincoln eatin pasta shells
Order to go, always got a box of L's
Blow, stay on the low
Get a Henney and swig
I Penuro so I hate a snake, rat, or a pig
I pop shit cuz I'm the second best, the first was B.I.G.
Y'all niggaz is shunned out, let me speak to your father
Cuz I like to play chess and I swing the revolver
If I don't like a nigga, I don't even be bothered
I spit, I'm just a crooked nigga goin legit
You hold your nine if you holdin a brick
Common sense, that drama, you hit the Bahamas, get bent
L.O.X. get respect like Sunny from Bronx Tale
Us and DMX, the Ruff Ryder cartel
Thirsty to live all y'all niggaz eager to die
I tell all my niggaz ride
You won't leave with a dime, motherfuckers
Yeah, yeah, I'm a monster
Sleep whole winters, wake up and spit summers
Ghetto nigga puttin up Will Smith numbers
Surrounded by 6's and Hummers
Bitches among us
Try not to let this bullshit become us
This started from hunger, tell it all when they sane
Now bitches notice the chains now that I've hit my number
The chickens I twisted see the digits unlisted
The beeper done change
You dead bitch, the Reaper done came
I suggest niggaz stop speakin my name
Cause trust me, y'all can still feel the heat in the rain
I keep creepin, streets keep watchin I keep poppin
Niggaz is hot heads and the bullets is heat-seekin
Jay flow pesos chase hoes NOT
I just circle around the block in a drop
Tell them to jump through the top
Where the sun roof used to be
I could see y'all not used to me
Nigga flows like none other
I'm the meanest, toughest Don Dutta, the gun butcha
You the type that bust a lot of shots and none touch ya
I'm the type that get excited when the gun touch ya
Motherfuckers
I'm headed nowhere fast run in the place gun in my waste
Niggaz wanted to taste but wouldn't come to my face
So what that mean you cats is playin games again
So what I do start namin names again(what!)
All you motherfuckers know that I speak from the heart(uh!)
Play like you dunno and L.O.X. is gonna bark
We can take it there but to make it fair, get some mo niggaz
Styles, Sheek, Jay we comin with like 4 niggaz(aight!)
Y'all niggaz besta stop playin
It'd be the ones you forgotten about
That'll get you shot in your mouth
*ARF! ARF!* Got my dogs covered
Plus it's all gravy like chicken when it's smothered
It's dark and I LOVE IT! get him, boy let him loose
You want it with the dogg, let the gun, let him shoot
f/ Dia
Believe me! It's our TIIIIME now to let 'em know
(WHAT?!) It's our TIIIIME now to let 'em know
Believe me! It's our TIIIIME now to let 'em know
(WHAT?!) It's our TIIIIME now..
I like my blunts heavily hashed, bitches heavily assed
Joints ready to stash, got 'em ready to blast (WHAT?!)
Give 'em plenty and pass, the thing off (woo!) toss that
Get pulled over, we already lost that, of course black (uh!)
Floss that, lose that, get that? Come up off that
You ain't choose that, but you with that, now spit back (c'mon)
Y'all niggaz got me all wrong (WHAT?!)
I'm still a grimy nigga (WHAT?!)
and I still give it to you, on your song (WHAT?!)
I let you niggaz live for a minute, you get goofy
Told you go 'head, drop a few albums, I'll do a movie (aight)
But when I come back, c'mon dog, respect my slot (UHH)
Ain't no get in where I fit in, bitch I'm straight to the top (aight)
And whoever don't like it, FUCK YOU FAGGOT, bring it! (WHAT?!)
Nigga don't wanna walk it but, stay tryin to sing it
What I gotta start smackin you guys around again?
Don't make no motherfuckin sense, y'all some grown ass men!
I don't play with you cats like I used to
Cause well I ain't your father (uh-huh)
This time it's gon' be a little harder
Told niggaz to "Do You", courtesy of Flex
Put out "... And Then There Was X" and then there was X
And then there was X again, ain't my next of kin
Just some hardheaded dickridin grown-ass men (uhh, uhh)
C'mon with the bullshit (WHAT?!) please, don't touch that
You might, bust yo' gun dog but we bust back (aight)
And what's that, a lot of dead homies
That ain't yours (UHH) leave it alone, you don't know me
Respect the nine or catch a wreckless twenty-nine (ahh)
For every bone in your spine (ahh) make a nigga recline (ahh)
This whole rap shit is mine (WHAT?!) and I'm not sharin (uhh)
Niggaz gettin popped every day, not carin (woo!)
Peep niggaz starin, but they don't want NUTTIN
Nowadays niggaz get it for frontin, motherfucker!
Cocksuckin-ass niggaz!
Now there's a lot of - bitch niggaz that's rich niggaz I stick niggaz
(uhh) Pick niggaz and hit niggaz I lift niggaz (uhh, uhh)
Wannabe player, stay in the park
Cause the grownups is over here, and we drinkin (WHAT?!)
Fuck is you thinkin? (WHAT?!)
X ain't changed, still with the same shit (uhh)
Ain't with the game shit (uhh) bust leave a stain shit (uhh)
Watch the game change quick (WHAT?!)
Some niggaz married to the game
Nigga like me? Married to the same bitch (c'mon!)
I'm a dog from the hood, so I gotta rap from the hood
Put a snake and a cat to the wood
MAN!! if you, only knew
WHAT IT IS!! that I'm, goin through
WHEN IT IS!! that I'm, goin through it
You ain't gon let me get ahold of that thing, cause I'ma do it! (woo!)
Pop, stop drop watch and roll niggaz (uhh)
Hold niggaz dog I can't control niggaz! (c'mon!)
[singing] (DMX)
Like the wind (like the wind)
God will take (god will take)
All my sins (all of my sins)
Blown away (will be blown away)
Like the wind (yes)
Like the wind blow
Yea, uh
From 80 school street to way across town
Cats knew how I got down cause word got around
I was that robbery kid with no gun and no mask
Catch a nigga out the door slippin' that's yo ass
Didn't laugh much cause I didn't have much
Life was like a stick half gas half clutch
Meaning half good and half bad
What was good if I caught a good vic if I didn't I was bad
Took it out on my regulars
I come through and if niggaz was broke I took watches and sneakers
Went to jail a few times but that didn't stop me
All it taught me was how not to be sloppy
An older cat robbed me when I was like 10
If anybody wanted to help they should've did it then
But they didn't and all it did was release the beast
So I'm a feast on whatever I come across in the streets
Like the wind (like the wind)
God will take (god will take)
All my sins (all of my sins)
Blown away (will be blown away)
Like the wind (like the wind)
Like the wind (like the wind)
blooooooooooooooown
I had a "S" on my chest fuck the vest
Did robberies with some cats and robbed the rest
Other time I came thought with just me and my dog
And clear out the whole fuck block cause we when hard
I bag some niggaz I knew and some niggaz I didn't
I ain't a fuck either way it was no bullshiting
I'm a cruddy niggaz out to get money
And a couple of slugs is the only thing anybody took from me
Run up on a cat smooth like put it in his left ear
Give up the money the jewelry or get left here
Keep thinking it's a game and play let's get popped
See how much fun you having when your heart be stopped
Shut 'em down open up shop oh-oh no-oh blow off a nigga top
Somebody call the cops but it's to late
Cause I'm a hit you in the face
and what will kill you will be something that you ate
Like the wind (like the wind)
God will take (god will take)
All my sins (all of my sins)
Blown away (will be blown away)
Like the wind (like the wind)
Like the wind (like the wind)
Blooooooooooooooown
If pain is love why hide my pain with drugs
Choke off haze and sell attics coke for days
Same clothes and no soup to shave
And I still got a gun on my hip for your open grave
We used to get robbery vics
until my man got killed for his whip on some robbery shit
Then I switched to the weed and start selling crack
But I will pull a steel and put a shell up in ya back
I feel like all my life I was held up in a trap
like if I go to heaven maybe hell will want me back
But all I really want is sperwells up an a lap
And a model bitch sitting with a head in my lap
But since no doe don't spin
and my pant hole got hole within I got to fold ya men
It's obvious I live in a house of sin
I wish I could open up the door and let 'em blow at the wind
Like the wind
God will take
All my sins
Blown away
Like the wind
Like the wind
blooooooooooooooown
And away we go(we go we go we go)
Some old born loser type of shit (shit)
On the remix tip (tip, tip)
Dr. Seuss (Seuss Seuss Suess)
The Born Loser, not because I choose to be
But because all the bad shit happens to me
I got kids, but their mothers don't want them to know me
Sisters use to like me, but now they call me homie
Use to have a family now I'm out on my own
Had to scrabble the Pitt, cause I tried to take his bone
Bitches don't like me, they don't kiss me or hug me
They call me Kill-pretty, because I'm mad ugly
I use to get pussy, but I busted off quick
Now I get snooched, so I gotta beat my dick
Time are hard in the ghetto, I steal for a living
Eatin dirt and the Now or Laters
If that ain't enough, life is rough, I swear
I don't have an address so I can't get welfare
They kicked me out the shelter
Because they said I smelled a little like the living dead
And look like helter skelter
My clothes are so funky, they bad for my health
Sometimes at night my pants go to the bathroom by their self
Even when I was little nothin went my way
I got beat up, and chased home from school every day
And despite the fact I won all the spelling bees
On my report card, I didn't get F's, I got C's
But for those who choose to snooze
Since I was born with no hope, I ain't got nothin to lose...
Young man went out and made a name for himself Check check check it out
The Born Loser, a title I was branded with
Went to Liberty Island, and got stranded with
The Statue of Liberty, but they really didn't hafta
Leave my black ass there till the day after
No time for laughter, this shit's for real
Ribs are showin through my back, cause I ain't had a meal
In about a week, you can see bones in my hands
The racoons, beat me to the garbage cans
I'm Starvin Marvin, and it shouldn't be like that
The only thing that I'm carvin, is an alley cat
But sometimes in the daytime
I daydream of a Manwich
When all I'm really eatin is an oxygen sandwich
For those that don't know,
Thats 2 peices of bread slapped together
Or I'll have a rain sandwich, depending on the weather
Born loser, caught up in the game
And I ain't even got nobody to blame..
The Born Loser, yeah, that use to be my ammo
When I couldn't get a soul, to listen to my demo
Door shut in my face, until I started jammin 'em
I'm behind the doors now, but I'm the one slammin 'em
I did what I had to, to get where I got
Though I'll admit, what I had to do was a lot
I still gave it a shot, and sometimes I had to shoot
Catchin vicks just to get a little loot
I thought it was cute, and didn't care who knew
Mess around get in my way and I'd bag you too
Cause I was, born to lose, straight from the beginning
Hit the dugout, because I struck out the 1st inning
Winning, was everything, thats why I had to ask
My man to find me the loot, and he said I'd be glad to
Now, who needs a major label, we got our own
I'm the divine master of the unknown
Ain't nothin changed, I'm the same as before
When opportunity knocks, I'd just answer the door
But criminal at heart, even though I don't show it
I was always a winner I just didn't know it (know it)
Born Loser
DMX the great
* send corrections to the typist
I'mma take it back to the shit talkin' slick talkin'
Slap a nigga and call him my bitch and keep walkin'
HALF Y'ALL niggaz is pussy
The other half of y'all niggaz is fake thugs so please don't push me
If we was in jail you'll be in the pool playin' in the air pressure
Leave you up on the stretcher nigga I'm gon test you try your hand
When they carry you out I'ma tie your man
But these cats ain't built like your killed like
Blood gets spilled like poke a nigga tonight
Bang bang HA! It hurts
The fuck you screemin' on me for I'm puttin' in work
We leave more bodies then the bloods and crips
This is how it's goin' down nigga thuggin' a bitch
Fuck a nigga wit we on the same bullshit y'all niggaz on lets get it on
[Hook] You know how we roll nigga bring the noise
Y'all don't wanna fuck with them boys
Come on dog put away them toys
Cause I'ma put in a clip and you'll get yours
No matter how many cats he brought wit'um I'ma split'um
Hair raised on my back get low and hit'um
Stoped him dead in his tracks
Known damn well you ain't known me what you said in the past
Dogs don't know nothin' but bust that nigga
Dogs don't nothin' but fuck that nigga
Dogs don't know nothin' but suck my dick
When it comes to what happened dogs don't know shit
Did two years in one night
I popped two pills in one flight
Two ears in one light, aiight, aiight
That's what it is FOLLOW
Too many thick live niggaz wanna SWALLOW
Follow my mans and them
And get popped with yo mans and them is what Im handin' them
It's hot things, drop things, stop things, drop things
Lookin' like a nigga like hot wings
[Hook] Been around the block did my dirt
Earl stiral put in work till it hurt
I've seen less pussy in a stripe club fuckin' with y'all niggaz
That means all y'all niggaz
Most y'all cats don't know what ruthless means
Will you be able to survive the truth I've seen
Cats would'nt be alive if you was on my team
But the truth is the ride is rough ya mean
Got me like GOD what the fuck
Dog gon bang somebodys getting' stuck
Back up the truck jump right the fuck out on niggaz
Empty the five out on niggaz
Hush muthafuckas don't you cry
Dog gon make sure that you die
Point blank range so the slug go through
Then I'ma hit yo crib and pop yo family to NIGGA!!
[Hook] Believe me when I say
Before light there was dark
Where you going where you going?
Where you going where you going?
Where you going?
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
Places that I've have been, things that I have seen
What you call a nightmare, are what I have as dreams
Bad as that may seem, I know is only going to get worse
Love, a slug, which one am I gonna get first?
My journey's been a rough one, I'm not sure when it begins
But the way it's looking, I kind of know when it's gonna end
Hold me down baby, it's gonna be a rough ride
Niggas give us plenty of room, cause I guess enough died
Let me travel, cause my intentions are to travel in peace
Fuck around I lay you down, you hit the gravel and cease
I could be a beast, or I could be a gentleman
But if you ain't my dog, you gonna be like 'Oh, it's him again'
Niggas will never win, this whole rap game is mine
Hot as you ever been, I was that in eighty nine
Seek and you shall find, look within and you will know
Where you coming from, and where you gotta go
Come on!
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-Got to keep it real with me
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-So the hell with you
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-I think I'm going to the top
Me and DMX
I will spend mad time in one spot, plotting my next move
Trying to figure out what is it, that X do what X do
Some questions go unanswered, that's what I'm afraid of
Sometimes I can't show, but I know what I'm made of
They made love, or should I say they made lust
Bound, there didn't have to be love there, but they made us
I got quite a few sisters, I was the only boy
But being with my dog, was my only joy
Like a kid with a new toy, I forgot about the ?
Escaped the misery, didn't think about the crime
Lost all track of time, was in another world
Everybody knew Earl, but there was another Earl
Like the side of the dark, riding the park but wouldn't want to
when they jump me, became a good runner
One by one they all went under, so I had the last laugh
They all thought it all was a joke, but I had the last laugh
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Come on!
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-If I don't know, I don't know
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-But I know where I'm going
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-But I know where I'm going
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-Do you know, do you know
I feel the ghost from within, coming back to haunt me
Stay love in my peoples, even though they don't want me
When I was bad, I was forgotten, like I was dead and rotten
Should've been getting love, but instead was plotting
Shit wasn't right, and it was all blamed on me
Didn't know that I was special till this rap shit came to be
Gave me a way out, showed me it was better to teach
Than bust niggas with the fo-fo, leave them dead in the streets
Over beef that was worth less, than the cost of the slugs
That I bought to kill them
And that's because I thought I ought to kill them
Little did I know, death wasn't right
Didn't always show every breath was a life
It was to be captured in suspended animation
To be felt by all, understood by every nation
What's the sense of hating, when I can show love
What's the sense of faking, when I can show blood
Now what's the moral to this story?
Come on!
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-If I don't know, I don't know
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-But I know where I'm coming from
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-Do you know where you're coming from?
Yonkers is where we grew
Trials we got through
On top is where we staying
Till the end, as long as we'll pray
On Hot97 ya hear
DMX all through the year
Ughhhh Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Come on Ugghhh Ahhhhh but they don't
hear me though
I got blood on my hands and there's no remorse
I got blood on my dick cuz I fucked the corpse
I'm a nasty nigga when you pass me nigga look me in my eye
tell me to my fucking face that you ready to die
you be a dead motherfucker red motherfucker
don't get stupid you heard what I said motherfucker
who shot you, ahh nigga like you don't know
sticking you for dough while I'm fucking your broke hoe
yo, would you get the picture niggas can't touch me
cuz I don't give a fuck G I get you touch B
I got joints that with my slug will take part a door
and enough crazy niggas behind me to start a war
so what you want nigga, help? cuz you about to crest
when I'm fair red cross couldn't clean up the mess
and a vest would do nothing but make you look a little thicker
cuz in the dark you ain't nutin' but a little nigga
and if you been thinking about that shit you did
you wouldn't a bought the joint rich you kid
and I'm a hafta get you kid and split your wig with a machetti
I bring beef to niggas and string 'em out like spaghetti
you ain't ready nor can you stand how I'm bringin' it
I'm givin' it is how I'm livin' it so I'm swingin' it
red dot on your head cuz you at midrange
red dot on your chest opens up your ribcage
I just love when a nigga bring his whole crew
its just a bigger piece of cake for me to chew a hole through (4X)
now if your heart was as big as your mouth you'd be real
but its not so I know if you get knocked you'll squeal
like a bitch cuz you is a bitch and always been a bitch
and you know how niggas do a bitch we run up in a bitch
put something in a bitch
nigga do you know me? nigga do you owe me?
think that you could blow me, well I'm a let this trigger do you homie
ya'll niggas gots to be smokin' somethin' thinkin' you chokin'
somethin'
fuckin' around with me you be a broken somethin'
I'm out for blood with the crips of war
how much shit could you talk with your lips on the floor?
pussy niggas make me itch so I scratch you's a bitch
so I snatch up your face fake as bitch so I scratch you
yeah there was a time when I would've jumped up and choked this nigga
now I'm on some shit like yo smoke this nigga
about to find out how much guts you got before I spill 'em
somebody come get this motherfucker before I kill him
Ahhhhhhh fresh out the asylum I'm wildin'
ya'll niggas know the phone numbers for help ya'll best to dial them
911 emergency the urgency
we'll have witnesses seein' what the surgeon sees
how far you gone get with your dome split fool
and catch your man slippin' cuz he think his shape cool
but it ain't so I paint the walls with blood
another dick in the mud nigga WHAT?!??!?
I just love when a nigga bring his whole crew
its just a bigger piece of cake for me to chew a hole through (4X)
you know who this is for? now let the dogs in the door (2X)
I just love when a nigga bring his whole crew
its just a bigger piece of cake for me to chew a hole through (5X)
Eve: I use to be shy and now I'm a Ruff Ryder
Man: The Ruff Ryders, the Ruff Ryders, Ruff Ryders, I'm a Ruff Ryder baby, Wussup
Eve: Nigga you can't be serious
Man: Whatchu talkin about?
Eve: You not even a Ruff type nigga
Man: I'm a Ruff type nigga baby, you don't know ruff, I'm ruff. You talkin about Ruff Ryders here...
Eve: Nigga, you a fuckin clown....
Man: What are you talkin bout, I'm a clown? I'm a Ruff Ryder baby, don't even play yourself. R-O-U-G-H-F, Ruff Ryder
Eve: See, you can't even spell the words Ruff Ryders
Man: I know what I'm talkin about
Eve: You're not a Ruff Ryder
Man: I'm a Ruff Ryder, I'm a Ruff Ryder
Eve: You're NOT a Ruff Ryder
Man: I am a Ruff Ryder
Eve: You know what you are?
Man: What?
Eve: You'z a Buff Ryder...
Ughhh
Aieyo (ahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!)
These niggaz is crazy baby
They cant fuck wit da dog (ya know)
Yo Swizz
Swizz (my nigga)
Swizz, Swizz, Swizz
Anotha one? (Swizz)
Anotha one? (Anotha one?)
Are we being greedy??? (Uh, Swizz, Swizz)
Or what???
I don't think so
Uh
Come on baby
Like u dont know
Da streets is (uh)
To Bad
They'll find yo body
But in pieces (uh)
Cuz the beast is
On some real cruddy shit
About to split yo wig wit some bloody shit
I ain't droppin' nutitn but dat ugly shit (come on)
Bite yo head like i tried yo man
Cuz what u sayin is nuttin(uh huh)
Must really think im playin
But i'll be layin
While u bluffin
Look out !!!
Dey don't let dat crook out
I took out
Enough of yo family
To have a fuckin cook out (uh)
For one time we get togetha (uh)
Is it when everyone get hit togetha
Or when im in da tent just before they hit da leather
Ima say it so i know how much strenght is left
And curse all who will breathe in da stench of death (uh huh)
Though after the sixth day im buried
I will rise
And bomb da fluid in my veins and blood in my eyes (uh, uh)
And them guys that was laughin
Dont even smile anymore
How many 4 pound rounds can yo ass indulge?
20 more of that raw strip to da flesh (what?!)
1000 pounds of pressure
Shit that rip through the vest and pull yo chest open
So what da Ruff Ryder possed to do?
When u frontin
Give u niggaz what u wantin
Mufucka...
NUTIN!!
Uh, it's that real shit yo
Grrr!
[1] - Can't stop
Gotta eat
Stepping on, my feet
Spread love, think it's sweet
Uh, uh, uh all you catz don't know
Yeah baby, shit's about to jump off and
Lookin' for the bus to bring in my man from up north
Been like three years since when got knocked
Since he got caught
Punked up like five new blocks, holding down for it
Kept a nigga straight with money in the books
And them bitches is crooks who look out for other crooks
Took him shopping, money in his pocket is straight
Dropped him off at the wife's crib after we ate
Our estate was the next move for me
Had to make that nigga chill for at least two to three months
Cause when it's on, it's on
He didn't care
It's like slow down baby
The money ain't going nowhere
Keep in touch though and show how much your ass is with it
The dope flow is there and in a minute you can get it (come on)
You gotta watch a nigga just coming home in a game
Cause on the low we may just be trying to go against the grain
I never figured this nigga would pull this shit that he pulled
What is strange is the change that niggaz go through
When they're locked down and really can't hack it
A motherfucker like me handles a bid like a jacket
Strap it on my back, niggaz ain't built like me
And by the end, niggaz was like "Yo, why you killed Mike, D"
Wasn't me, but yeah he had it coming to him
Used to be my dog, so I let my cousin do him
Sent him out of state with like half a brick down to my spot in VA
Cause the money comes quick
Half of that got fucked up before I even got the check in on him (damn)
But things happen so I really wasn't wreckin' on him (damn)
Got him up out of there and sent him down a little further
Ain't heard from him in two months, murder, murder
And from the next flight thinking I might have to steal something
This hungry shit will make a nigga wanna kill something (come on)
Listen, money is missing and it's hectic (what)
Found the safe, checked it
Shit looks detected (what)
Just what I expected when I got no word from him
Asked around but ain't nobody heard from him (uh-huh)
But money talks and most niggaz is snakes
So it wasn't long before his man was ready to take
Me to where he was at, checked my gat
Threw in a four clip, pumped myself up
Cause I can't go for that bullshit (come on)
Fuckin' with my last load of cash ain't the issue
It's just real fucked up when your man tries to diss you
Takin' back for niggaz in New York and how they told me so
Now I got to knock his boots, he owes me dough
Layin' up with a hoe, then he hit me with the sob story (come on)
The famous "Oh you didn't know I got robbed!" story (come on)
Told it's to me he should be grateful to
Fuck that bitch! Look at what she made you do
Now there's love lost and a double cross
Pointed at that bitch, turned her braids into sauce
So you wanna be with him (uh) and talk to me like I'm silly (yeah)
Five bottle of Mo on the floor, boxes of phillys (uh)
Ten g's in the shoebox under the bed
And for every g I put a fuckin' slug in his head
And from then, the moral of the story if you missed it
Is the grand is always gonna be there
Just never go against it
You cats must not know
Chorus:
Aint no other cats got love for me
Aint no cats gon bust slugs with me
Aint no cats gon shed blood for me
But my dog is gon be a thug witme (2x)
(DMX)
If im gonna rob, ima rob all night
If im lookinfor something its probably a fight
If im gonna fuck bitches then it betta be tight
If thats dead then the head betta be right
If i gotz to play ima play till i win
Since i gotz to be here cant wait to begin
Wanna fuck shorty cant stand shorty friend
Cause honey friend fucked many many men
Stay with da ratz cause the ratz is real
Wanna fuck then we fuck already know the deal
Fuck what you look like just show the real
Then i keep a spot where we can goto chill
Chorus
(Drag-On)
You fuckin wit me? Aint keepin your health right
Cause me and my boys we keep the gel tight
Shit i pack is heavy but the shell is light
When they drop the same time you drop without a fight
Burnin anything that im putting my name on
Youy might take the Drag but you cant flame on
I know you niggaz dont owe me wit a chain on
When it come to the fire im the kid to blame it on
When yall see like eight cars then you know who we are
Niggaz spittin mean bars off of the green jar
Never drunk but you see me leant at the bar
Spit fire thatll melt the ice on your arm
You had dat but for now dog gimmie dat
Cuz dog, you don't wanna see how my semi act
Fake hustlin niggaz you pump many pac
When it come to dis shit, i done layed plenty flat
Chorus
(DMX)
What ya'll niggaz want cuz i got it righ here
Ya'll niggaz front, then I hit you right dere
Not really impressed by what niggaz wear
Faggots talk shit but i really dont care
Im the type of nigga that will die for the cause
Fuck what you heard i will die for my dogz
Aint sacare of shit well ride in the fog
Same thing but a bigger size than yours
I fuck with Drag-On cause he spitz the flame
Drag-On mothafucka dont forget the name
And we are takin over aint shit the same
If you aint in our mob, nigga quit the game
Aint no other cats got love for me
Aint no other cats gon bust slugs with me
Aint no other cats gon shed blood for me
But my dogz gonna be a thug with me
come on (5x)
There we go, okay, okay
Don't do me greasy, okay
Uh, ay yo
You know what a dog needs
Do you really know what a dog needs?
Uh a dog needs a grrr!
What? what? a dog needs a grrr!
Come on
Not just any uh but a real uh
That's gonna hold that dog down
Arf! arf!
Baby I am what I am, I'm gon? be who I be
Everything from chasing a cat to p***** on a tree
Let me see what I gotta to see
Do what I gotta to do
Dog for life but keep it true
Every once in a while I'll break out the backyard to roam
And get reckless
But I still know that home is home
And when I get there i'mma sit there
Take a s*** there put my d*** there
Do I handle my business?
S*** yeah
I'mma run till I bust my gun and empty the clip
Never come home, I gotta go just gimme the whip
I ain't got time for the lip
Just open the fence
Let me go I'll come back
I ain't got time to convince
Ever since I was a pup
I've been stuck with the street s***
Keep the heat s***
F*** it n**** gotta eat
I past on a weak s***
If it's out there I want it
All at one time
So when it's my time I've done it
I know you'll kill for me
You'll die you me
I know you like to rip and run the streets
But I get nervous sometimes
Ooh baby I can't help to think
You might not make it home to eat
I barely sleep
Could you pick up a phone and call me at home?
And let me know you ain't in some heat
And don't go crying, you're grown
You know I'm looking out for you
Cause you be looking out for me, me, me
1 - Yo you can go with your dogs
If you make this promise to me
You make it back in one piece
So you can go with your dogs
If you make this promise to me
You make it back in one piece
?fore you go betting it all
If you make this promise to me
You make it back in one piece
I know you up in it all
If you make this promise to me
You make it back in one piece
[aaliyah](dmx)
And oh boy I know you got to do what you do, ooh-ooh
You're making moves, I'm makin? moves yo we cool
(what? what? what? )
Lay on your paws I got your back if you fall, hey-hey
Nothing's to big, nothing's to small just go ball, yeah
Uh dog tags around my neck the streets are mine
I might leave the heat behind
Cause in the streets I'm fine
That's why n***** sleep till nine
Out by ten back by ten
Sleep till nine do it again
If you love something let it go
If it comes back to you it yours
If it doesn't f*** it you'll never know
You got me I got you, uh
Dog with a dog, ride till we die
If it's on then it's on
Repeat 1 till end
f/ Busta Rhymes, Swizz Beatz
When I Come thru Everything gon' Stop
When I Come thru Everything gon' Stop
When I Come thru Everything gon' Stop
Now move.. move.. move.. move..
X comes thru the hood, like here comes trouble
Year of the dog again, first week double
Low in the rider, east coast nigga
Fo' in the rider, street loc nigga
Far for jiggie but like biggie bitches call me big poppa
I got a big dick and I'd a pop her
Yea the kid talk shit but the kid don't front
How ever shit go "Give 'Em What They Want"
I ain't signing shit, love my fans
But Cross this line with the camera in your hands
Cause it could get real ugly real thick
And you like this nigga ???? real quick
Motherfuckin' right, I ain't got time for the small talk
One of us has got to go down, we can't all walk
You know this as well as I do
But I promise you, I'm go hide you and no one will find you
Stop nigga, hold up, you know I don't quit
You see I'm back and I'm comin' to smash your shit
And ahhla back with the god and bus-a-bus nigga
This time I'm Bringin' the shovel so I can come and dig another grave
For all of you bustards what the fuck you think you doin'
I'll put a stop to your function and anybody movin'
And then I'll fuck up production and any crew you flew in
You ain't with me, you against me, The loser side you chosen
Anyway, word to ears, you niggaz know I ain't finished
I'll Fuck up every hood, and I'm back to handle my business
You niggaz thinking you though like you ate a can of spinach
In till we mash on you faggots and make you change up your image
Flip mode in this bitch, Ruff Ryders is with me
You see we back on the block and yes, we runnin' the city
Now you niggaz know the flow less ain't controlin' the committee
Nothing' should be movin' unless my crew in it, you fell me
If there is money, I want half
Niggaz is funny to watch, go head laugh
Ain't nothing to smile about
For real, all niggaz is wildin' out
Niggaz who pound you out
We found you out in distance
Leg missin', head missin'
Something like 28 ??? missin'
And you know how the dessert do a nigga
Brake you down quick, residue a nigga
Can't stop the flow, Niggaz stop and go
When ever I drop, a million out the door
Y'all niggaz know, X got to be fucked with
Y'all run around on some dumb shit with a slump dick
Fuck a bitch, you niggaz know I don't mind scrapping
When I see you I see you what ever happens, happens
This ain't just rappin', niggaz talk a good one
You know what let that go, see me in the hood son
Hey mimi
Word? {*dogs barking*}
Get em boy.. get em boy!
Get em boy! get em boy! boyyyyyyy!
("there's nothin you can do..." *repeats in background*)
Chorus: dmx (repeat 2x)
X is comin? for ya, can't do nothin for ya
Cause x is comin? for ya
Run, hide, duck, duck
We don't give a fuck, fuck
Look in the mirror (uh) say my name five times
Turn out the lights (what? ) then I done crooked nine lives
Don't get scared now nigga, finish it cause you started it
Watch shit grow out of control, now you want no part of it (c'mon)
Nigga, where yo? heart at? tell me what you made of
Already lost a stripe cause I know what you afraid of
We both know you pussy, but I ain't gonna say nuttin
Just hit a nigga off, and you can stay frontin (uhh)
I gotcha back for now, till I cased the joint (what? )
Plus, give the feds a real good place to point (what? )
And laced the joint, I ain't gonna front I had my hands full
Glad to be alive, but you like, that's that bull (grrrrr)
But now you know, what you get, when you fuckin wit
Cause you shoulda left alone, now you stuck in shit
Stuck in shit, til that headpiece gets blazed
Screamin this, ahh, cease to the grave
Its over, at least for you it is
It don't think the coroner, to see how true it is
I knew these kid, but did that stop me from gettin em, screamin
It was all for the money, while I'm hittin and splittin him down
From his nose to his nuts (what? )
Fire department comin, put the hose to his guts (what? )
Washed away, just like dirt when it rains (uh)
And now because of you, I hurt when it rains (grrrrr)
Chorus
My real name is damien and my girl's name is carrie
That poltergeist bitch is hot, but too young to marry
That nigga satan be fakin mad jacks so I taxed his ass
Every chance I get, is just another hit (uh, uh, uh, what? )
Another nigga split; there go white meat - another nigga
Takin up room in the mall under a white sheet (c'mon)
That's what you get for wanna to take it there (uhh)
But with this desert eagle in your mouth
You cryin bout let's make it fair (uhh)
Sometimes it takes pain to make the brain a little smarter (uh-huh)
When I think the rain will stop, it only starts to rain harder (uh-huh)
Part of the game is niggaz wanna become fam-ous
And doin the same shit I do, remain nameless (uh, uh, uh, uh)
I want house money, jag money (what? ) so I gots ta bag money
I ain't laughin, but yo it's mad funny (c'mon)
I used to talk about that shit you got
But you ain't never got that shit when that shit get hot!
Runnin up in the spot with, two niggaz from israel
Cause it is-real, you did squeal, now how you think yo? kids feel?
Knowin you died a snitch, I look in yo? and see a bitch
Wasn't surprised to see a switch (c'mon)
Let's make it quick, I got a flight at 6 goin to pakistan
So let this nigga know, I know he pussy, i'ma smack his man (uhh)
Fuckin willie niggas and silly niggaz
I'd rather be eatin of a plate
With all them baltimore and philly niggaz (what? )
Cause I done took about as much I can stand
A nigga smilin in my face like they my motherfuckin man
Aiyyo, it gets a lot worse, cause there's a curse (what? )
That says, the reward for bein real, is the hearse
Before you turn thirty, cause the dirty shit you did (uhh)
Catches up and get you right when you thought you slid
It's gettin dark, and with the cold to the heart
You realize, you ain't gonna see your shorty
Old enough to walk, for real
Chorus
DMX
Believe me, when I say
Before light, there was dark
Where you going, where you going?
Where you going, where you going?
Where you going?
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
Places that I've have been, things that I have seen
What you call a nightmare, are what I have as dreams
Bad as that may seem, I know is only going to get worse
Love, a slug, which one am I gonna get first?
My journey's been a rough one, I'm not sure when it begins
But the way it's looking, I kind of know when it's gonna end
Hold me down baby, it's gonna be a rough ride
Niggas give us plenty of room, cause I guess enough died
Let me travel, cause my intentions are to travel in peace
Fuck around I lay you down, you hit the gravel and cease
I could be a beast, or I could be a gentleman
But if you ain't my dog, you gonna be like 'Oh, it's him again'
Niggas will never win, this whole rap game is mine
Hot as you ever been, I was that in eighty nine
Seek and you shall find, look within and you will know
Where you coming from, and where you gotta go
Come on!
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-Got to keep it real with me
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-So the hell with you
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-I think I'm going to the top
Me and DMX
I will spend mad time in one spot, plotting my next move
Trying to figure out what is it, that X do what X do
Some questions go unanswered, that's what I'm afraid of
Sometimes I can't show, but I know what I'm made of
They made love, or should I say they made lust
Bound, there didn't have to be love there, but they made us
I got quite a few sisters, I was the only boy
But being with my dog, was my only joy
Like a kid with a new toy, I forgot about the ?
Escaped the misery, didn't think about the crime
Lost all track of time, was in another world
Everybody knew Earl, but there was another Earl
Like the side of the dark, riding the park but wouldn't want to
when they jump me, became a good runner
One by one they all went under, so I had the last laugh
They all thought it all was a joke, but I had the last laugh
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Come on!
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-If I don't know, I don't know
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-But I know where I'm going
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-But I know where I'm going
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-Do you know, do you know
I feel the ghost from within, coming back to haunt me
Stay love in my peoples, even though they don't want me
When I was bad, I was forgotten, like I was dead and rotten
Should've been getting love, but instead was plotting
Shit wasn't right, and it was all blamed on me
Didn't know that I was special till this rap shit came to be
Gave me a way out, showed me it was better to teach
Than bust niggas with the fo-fo, leave them dead in the streets
Over beef that was worth less, than the cost of the slugs
That I bought to kill them
And that's because I thought I ought to kill them
Little did I know, death wasn't right
Didn't always show every breath was a life
It was to be captured in suspended animation
To be felt by all, understood by every nation
What's the sense of hating, when I can show love
What's the sense of faking, when I can show blood
Now what's the moral to this story?
Come on!
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-If I don't know, I don't know
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-But I know where I'm coming from
If I don't know where I'm coming from
Where would I go?
-Do you know where you're coming from?
Yonkers is where we grew
Trials we got through
On top is where we staying
Till the end, as long as we'll pray
On Hot97 ya hear
DMX all through the year
F/ the lox, mase
Yo, ayo let's get papers and pop mo? with holes up in skyscrapers
In condiminiums, overlooking our drug capers
New york city, know only way to play is gritty
I want cheddar, so we can front up in the 850
My whole commity like to puff l's and look jiggy
Who wan? test this? my semi leave you chestless
And ain't shit that you can say to me when you be breathless
Young, but I done did shit that you won't do
So go ahead wit the bullshit you blab about goin through
I got niggaz who pump on yo? block and in yo? spot
Who sit next to you? protectin you?
But they'll murder you, playa
Don status, nigga we gettin chipsesis
And bad bitchsesis, frontin, frontin in eclipsesis
Ayo, mase and the lox
We takin knots from the out of state spots
Any nigga make it hot, get found in vacant lot
You don't really wanna come try, the one guy
Who stay dumb high from blunt lye
The rack of sing-sing alumni
Who got more beef than a islamic farm
So I pack enough sonic arms to neutralize atomic bombs
It's not a nigga in your gang want it
My ak slay gays, spray strays wit niggaz names on it
Often I bug, then we'll soften a thug
Have a chump coughin blood, fill his coffin with slugs
Yo, you know I got enough guns to wreck a nation
Any nigga wave a tec at mase, and, have a explanation
You bring your crew and em and I'm doin em
Then I'm beatin em down with aluminum
Then I'm puttin two in em
You can't touch me, I've been double sent, wanted for embezzlement
A lot of other things, but that's irrelavent
Chorus(x2):
If you love the money, then prepare to die for it
Niggaz done started somethin
You can lay in the flames, or hug the sky for it
Niggaz done started somethin
Yo, check out the kid that get coke like sosa
Never turned down chocha, be in the costa
Rica, sippin margaritas wit a mami
Cleanin my tommy, showin love to my army
Whenever the lox find rippy blocks, we kill em
Yeah I hear niggaz, but I still don't feel em
And this for the listeners, and prisoners
And them jealous rap cats that prefer dissin us
My 16's be so real, you can feel em in your vain
Like ramello's pops from sugarhill
J be the cause for the kiss at your wake
Cartel lips, spittin clips at your face
We started from the bottom
You'll see bad niggaz pardon, whatever
We can do it at the garden
Word life, this shit is real big
I'm makin niggaz blow trial even if they not guilty
I want a palace for my thugs, wit oriental rugs
Green bags from drugs, get wacked for the love
Twenty niggaz batter me, still couldn't shatter me
I'm only gettin up, splittin up your anatomy
Official lock family, grants niggaz handin me
I want the finer things, and I hope you understandin me
Sittin at the table, plannin and plug the fan in
Let the sweat dry off and then grab your cannon
Think you smartest, and retaliate the hardest, regardless
If you a thug or a rap artist, respect me like pesci
And if rap was hockey, I be gretzky, puffin nestle
Any ya niggaz done started somethin
Actin invincible like you God or somethin
If you god, then i'ma makes a lot til you rot
And if you a playa, then play for everything you got
And if you a thug, then start bustin off shots
And if you a dog, you better bite before you bark
Chorus
Don't came at me wit no bullshit, use caution
Cause when I wet shit, I dead shit, like abortions
For bigger portions, of extortion then racketeering
Got niggaz fearin, fuck whatchu heard, this whatchu hearin
How much darker must it get, how much harder must it hit
See if your hardest niggaz flip, when I start a bunch of shit
I like pussy, but not up in my face, so gimme three feet
Cause when we creep, no more than three deep, niggaz see sheep
Bloodhounds found your shit buried in the mud
Following traces of gun powder, residue and blood
A positive I'd is impossible, so you know
John doe is what they gon? be puttin on that tag on yo? toe
Now who gon tell yo mother, her baby's under a cover in the morgue
Stiff as a log, sniffed out by the dogs
Son of a hard headed nigga that wouldn't listen
So you got whatchu came for
What's that?
Surgery wit the chainsaw grrrrr, I hit the fuckin streets
Cause like I said before ain't nothin goin down until I eat
Mu'fuckers think it's all about impressin bitches and stressin bitches
Well, I'm testin bitches game, adressin bitches, and caressin bitches
And dealin wit mu'fuckers on all levels
What I'm dealin wit is all devils, fuckin with snakes
Runnin wit niggaz you call rebels
I got an army of 730 niggaz, dirty niggaz
That come through and worry niggaz
30 niggaz that like to bury niggaz
And scary niggaz get it all the time
Cause what they got is all of mine
(feat. The Lox/Drag-On)
Holiday Styles
Bitch, I get you shot in the head or shot in the neck
if I ain't gettin proper respect
I don't care if you rap, I still spit in your grill
I don't give a fuck, never have, never will
If it ain't on your hip, then you're lookin to die
I ain't tryin to be the nigga that's gonna look at the sky
Ask God why I'm broke, bitch, I'm cooking the pie
We all gon' die, sooner or later, matter of time
My niggaz sell crack, with a package of dimes
Hundred or more, in front of the store, waitin to bubble
Brand new nine, and an eight in a bubble
I put sixteen above ya neck, I love my set
Niggaz think they a thug, then thug to death (uh-huh)
Cause the P gonna squeeze 'til no slugs is left (what)
You know I'm good with a hundred of 'dro, gun and an O
You think your shit butter Hop in front of this toast
Yo, aiyyo, aiyyo
I say what I want, fuck what y'all think is cool
And I hate cops, cause most y'all was dicks in school
No pussy gettin niggaz tryin to cuff the God
Play Sheik out in the yard, but that shit too hard
My dough too long, nowadays, my flow too strong
What y'all make in a year, I kick that for a song
Check my car, I don't care, I don't play fair
Keep some shit in the stash box, then get me the chair
And it don't buck shot and the blast is hard to hear
I'm a true thug nigga, bring it straight to your crew
Small yell when I rap, I'm basically talkin to you
You see the pain in my eye Nigga, the flame in my eye
I'm tryin to leave my kids some real fuckin change when I die
from rappin or tellin some cat to reach for the sky
I'm that hunt down nigga, with the four pound nigga
Bounty hunt your whole crew til my bullets go through, WHAT
Yo, yo, yo, yo
All I need is a big gun and a Coupe that's crazy quick
A nice house with five rooms, maybe six
A town where money is coming, eighty bricks
Break 'em down to all twenties, is a crazy flip
Bet you never even felt the heat
til I put the M1 next to your waves and melt the grease
Streets help niggaz; niggaz don't help the streets
Y'all use beats for help; we help the beats
Who want it with me Who want it with Sheek Who want it with P
If I say so myself, it's a wonderful three
Be in the hood with all your jewels in the glovebox
Same niggas that-a rob you love L.O.X. (uh)
All types of burners, even snub glocks (uh)
Nice size tecs you could carry in your sweats (uh)
Find your man dead in the trunk of a car (uh)
It's Jada (mwwaa) responsible for breakin your heart (uh)
Uh
Creep through the streets
For some of y'all rappers, that's mighty hard
Me the Security Protectin my body I let my shotty guard
Put chill pills in brains, bullets like Tylenol
Make niggaz drowsy from the blood loss, got em noddin off
And take casket naps, fuck that
You shoulda never let this bastard rap
All I know is cold winter, hot slugs through your snorkel
No parents, tale from my horror's no morals
Raised in the wrong era, with no guidance
So you dyin It's no problem, no lyin
Drag's fire; so ya hamburger beef I french-fry 'em
Drag done ate your food
Like I know to raise your dukes so guard your chin up
Drag barrels, but shit, I spit-bubble your skin up
Drag scorch niggaz for dinner but season 'em well
I don't brag I let the streets tell
Po'-po' now you see he fell
Uh, uh, now you motherfuckers
know what my name means when you hear it in the streets (uh)
Y'all bitches fear it cause you weak
You wanna hear it I make it speak (WHAT)
You ain't ever bust a gun, but there's a lot of greasy talkin (uh-huh)
What the science behind that son (I don't know)
A lot of easy walkin
I bust shit down (uh) got down (uh) kick down (uh) shot down (uh)
Ain't tryin to talk about what I got now, but I got now (WHAT)
I ain't never sold a brick, I done stuck niggaz up (c'mon)
And for talkin too much shit I done fucked niggaz up (uh)
It can get "Dark" for real, and I think you already know that (uh-huh)
Well think about it with the brick in your hand before you throw that
Now don't act, cause actin might get you rollin
with what you ain't ready to handle (UHH)
All that's left of your memory, is a candle (WOO!)
It happens quick fast nigga, to bitch ass niggaz
Talkin reckless behind your back, them kiss ass niggaz (uh)
From the rap shit to the street shit, I keep shit tight
Let them cats spit that weak shit (What!)
I'm DOG FOR LIFE! NIGGA!
[Styles] They gon' need extra guns and extra blocks
(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde)
They gon' need extra jails and extra cops
(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde)
They gon' need extra pits and extra glocks
(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde)
They gon' need extra chains and extra watches
(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde)
They gon' need extra guns and extra blocks
(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde)
They gon' need extra jails and extra cops
(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde)
They gon' need extra pits and extra glocks
(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde)
They gon' need extra chains and extra watches
(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde)
Damien
Ay yo D it's your nigga D (uh huh)
What the fuck, you forgot about me?
You been doing real good lately
You didn't give a shout out in your last album
What, you hate me? (huh)
Thought I was your dawg
Thought I was your nigga that you should see all to the fog (huh)
Thought I was your man and that
Any problem that you had I would handle that
DMX
Ay yo dawg it's like this
I fuck with you lightly (uh huh)
Cuz I knew if I fuck with you too deep
You'd bite me (uhn)
Get mad at me
Send niggaz wanna fight me (uhn)
All time you fuck with me
You didn't like me
Damien
Dawg where you hear that?
DMX
Shh...niggaz talk,
Plus you know how shit flow in New York
Walls have ears
Buildings heard
Supposed to be shh...but you spill the words
Every where that I go
Everything that I see
Every place that I touch
I feel them fucking with me
I wanna fly (huh)
Why you lie?
Told me it was ride or die
I wanna fly (huh)
Eye for an eye
Happened to my piece of the pie?
Damien
Now dawg
You know me better than that
I could put you ahead of the back instead of the back
I could have niggaz selling tapes instead of the cracks
Could have niggaz falling down with lead in they back
Ain't much that I can't do when I want to
I don't really need you nigga fuck you
DMX
What!!
Damien
Nah, I'm just playing
You got a wife n kids
No Damien, now I crossed'em
Try for the kids
DMX
Yo what you mean by that?
Damien
Mean by what?
DMX
You is a grimy nigga-4 real
I see whats up
I don't even know why I fuck with you from the door
Damien
Cuz you know I would give you what you wanted n more
DMX
I could have got it from him
Damien
But you would have had to wait
DMX
But I wouldn't have to wait
Damien
C'mon don't hate
What happened to the right hand?
Light man
DMX
Nah its dark man
Damien
Well let's get it right then
DMX
Now I see you for who you are
It's like I know you (uh huh)
Though I can't trust you as far as I can thow you (uhn)
Owe you don't know you
Or the reason that I go thu what I go thu
Let me show you
Damien
Didn't I promise you a benz?
Snatch your friends
Count those pairs of tens (yeah)
Endless ends
DMX
But, what did it cost me? (C'mon)
My life to be taking softly (what!!)
Men!!! back the fuck up off me
Damien
Don't fuck with me like that
When I fuck with you like this
DMX
Don't come at me like that
When you know that you might miss
Go on bout your business
Cuz any cat you send my way
Ain't go be no witness
Lord Jesus!
Damien
C'mon dawg don't be a fuck it
DMX
Please help me
Damien
Was up dawg
Now u bugging
DMX
Keep the devil
Damien
Dawg I thought we was tight?
DMX
Out of my life
Damien
I'll b back aiight
Beats till it fades
(DMX)
Let us pray
Lord Jesus it is you, who wakes me up every day
And I am forever grateful for your love...
...this is why I pray
You let me touch so many people, and it's all for the good
I influenced so many children, I never thought that I would
And I couldn't take credit for the love they get
because it all comes from you lord
I'm just the one that's givin it
And when it seems like the pressure gets to be too much
I take time out and pray, and ask that you be my crutch
Lord I am not perfect by a longshot -- I confess to you daily
But I work harder everyday, and I hope that you hear me
In my heart I mean well, but if you'll help me to grow
then what I have in my heart, will begin to show
And when I get goin, I'm not looking back for NOTHING
Cause I'll know where I'm heeded, cause I'm so tired of the sufferin
I stand before you, a weakend version of, your reflection
Begin for direction, for my soul needs resurrection
I don't deserve what you've given me, but you never took it from me
because I'm grateful, and I use it, and I do not, worship money
If what you want from me is to bring your children to you
My regret is only having one life to do it, instead of two
Amen
Uh
Sick when she rock shit, stop when block shit
Never try to run when she pull back the cock shit
Stop, drop, shut 'em down open up shop shit
Got 'em goin' crazy, wonderin' when they could cop shit
First lady, Ruff Ryder, honey got the hot shit
Star-bound, money now, for jet-black drop shit
Eve guarantee, betcha' niggaz wanna pop this
Little kids be behind me screamin' out, "Can you stop miss?!!"
I know they daddy's fiendin', daydreamin' bout me topless
Real bitches listen while they ride around and knock my shit
Try not to move ya head, come on now, stop it
Hustle nigga betty take yours quicker than coke profit
'Cuz I can double it, and put
Bitch on bitch, brick on brick, stich on stich, who you fuckin wit?
Not me, can't a nigga or bitch stop me
You hatin' mothafuckas line up for your first copy
Y'all fuckin' with the right ones, UHH
Role it up and just lite some, UHH
Where my niggaz with the big guns?
And when you smoke that shit it's like, "WHOA!!WHOA!!"
Y'all fuckin' with the right ones, UHH
Role it up and just lite some, UHH
Where my niggaz that take ones?
'Cuz when we smoke that shit it's like "WHOA!!WHOA!!"
Uh, yo
Start the beef, hold up, ran when we roled up
Tough guy, wanna try ya luck? Betcha' fold up
Ask around partner, got this whole shit sewed up
Gotcha' cryin' like, "Man I wanna blow up!!"
Cowards make me sick, swere to god I wanna throw-up
Answer in a session with me? You better flow tough
Offended? Don't agree with what i'm sayin' nigga? So what?
Now I gotta teach you respect, you better slow up
Question, 'Can she really hold it down?' (sure enough)
Philly's where she from, but when she smoke, she like to go Dutch
You know what? Quick to take the next man shyne
Quick to make him start bitchin' make the next man whine
Fuckin babies!! Go ahead and lay down, it's nap-time
Same shit you spittin', heard it in your last rhyme
Ain't to much thatchu' could do, so that'chure skills could pass mine
Car eer fineto, here's some dough, go watch a peep show
Y'all fuckin' with the right ones, UHH
Role it up and just lite some, UHH
Where my niggaz with the big guns?
And when you smoke that shit it's like, "WHOA!!WHOA!!"
Y'all fuckin' with the right ones, UHH
Role it up and just lite some, UHH
Where my niggaz that take ones?
'Cuz when we smoke that shit it's like "WHOA!!WHOA!!"
What me to talk crazy, shit, my moms made me
And all ya'll niggas can do is *???spend a paybie???*
Ain't gonna never change, do anything for bricks
Call my celly to come get you while I pass you in your Range
Nigga ride ya shotgun in the car wit' your friends
And what the fuck you wanna do? But wanna blow out your brains?
Clown, I spot 'em from the time you buy me a drink
Instantly I get a vision of diamond studded links, and full ink minks
And little doggies dyed pink
'Cuz I know ya wanna spend your last, before you even think
If you know somethin', speak the shit, I can keep a secret
To me, the niggas with the most money, is the cheapest
Wanna give me money off the book? Daddy you can keep it
That's why they got the most sites, and in the most fights
And walk with big brolic niggas thats protectin' they life
If you know you pussy nigga, take off the ice
Y'all fuckin' with the right ones, UHH
Role it up and just lite some, UHH
Where my niggaz with the big guns?
And when you smoke that shit it's like, "WHOA!!WHOA!!"
Y'all fuckin' with the right ones, UHH
Role it up and just lite some, UHH
Where my niggaz that take ones?
'Cuz when we smoke that shit it's like "WHOA!!WHOA!!"
That "T" would help though
Here we go again
Yeah, check it out, y'all
Check it out, check it out
Check it out y'all, check it out y'all
Straight Y.O. mother fuckers
Now days cats and middleman, little man, ain't controlling shit
Talk about holding bricks, but ain't holding dick
Niggas talk real slick, but that's about it
Soon as I see 'em headed my way, I cut them off quick
Must you beat me in my head everytime I come through
It's shit like, everybody tells me I sound just like you
But you got me, got me And you can't live without me
If I wasn't DMX, you wouldn't give a fuck about me
Ain't about "Dog I wanna be just like you"
How about you wanting to be just like you
You can do what I do, just in your own way
Shit, I get niggas that ride big every fuckin' day (I-ight)
If you got talent, talent is yours, it can't be mine
And it take you where it's gon' take you, it'll be fine
Let me hit 'em with the rewind
Do you and I'll do me
To me you'll see how real you'll be
[1] - Do you - Cuz what it boils down to it's true
Do you - Cuz you are held accountable for you
Do you - Is that really what you want me to see
Do you - Cuz I'mma do me, truley
Do you - Cuz what it boils down to, it's true
Do you - Cuz you are held accountable for you
Do you - Is that really what you want me to see
Do you - Cuz I'mma do me, truley
Hey yo dog, I got lyrics
Hey yo dog, I got beats (Word)
Damn, is this the type of shit I gots to put up with in the streets
Used to be able to walk, not have to talk to nobody
Everywhere I go it's like I bring the whole party
It ain't about tryin' to follow or tryin' to be like
But if we all see it through the eyes of the Lord, we see a light (c'mon)
Just let me get a hold of the mic, I'll teach you a little something
Now the good things that go wrong because of a little frontin'
Express yourselves, be who you are, umm umm, you're a shining star
You don't even know what you got inside
How the fuck you gon' find out, you keep wanting to ride
Hey yo, I ain't gon' let it slide no more
You're best to go for what you know
Can't do you, then what you flow for
You ain't gon' get there tryin' to be me, dog
Look through your eyes, see what you see
Like fuck it, you wanna be me Here's what you do
Grow up neglected by both parents and still pull through
You gots to come up fucked up, get treated like shit
Then have your mother's new boyfriend smack you like a bitch Turn into a killer,
don't carry shottie
Cuz the way it's goin' down right now, you gon' kill somebody
Get a dog, walk the streets, learn what you need to learn
Better have a cause but because you'll get burned
You got 15 years without ever coming out
And beat your fist at the world and what they talkin' about
Then get locked up every two years
For two years keep it real, hold back all tears, face your fears
Become a man before your time, rap but live out your rhymes
Let 'em know what's on your mind, then you'll get your shine
In time, everything you hear will come true
But you won't be doin' me, you'll be doin' you
Ruffriders, Ride Or Die, Get at these Niggaz Dawg Yep Yep Yep....[Talkin] I dont realy humans that much these days
Hmm shit, fact of the matter is, i trust dawgs more than i trust humans
Shit, nothin like that dawg love i tell you
Not just any dawg, [barking] gotta be a Pit Bull
Yep, thats the only dawg for me
(Cough, cough) You dont wanna get caught in a pit with one a them boy
They make good companians, but even worse enemys
Its all on how you take it *Talking*
Nuttins goes down and i dont get a small piece of
Get the picture, see the beauty and the beast of
The mad man its the bad man is here
Cause a nigga like me smells wreck in the air (yeah)
Just be fair, shit that i be doin ta niggaz, and
Get away with the same shit (uh) ruinin a niggaz
Cover all ground and not roll thick, like the fog
The only motherfuckin friend i ever had was a dawg (aight)
Never ate the hog but glad to say i smoked plenty of em' (yeah)
The 5th percint, the name one of many of em' (yeah)
In one verse i'll beat you worse than you mama (uh)
I'll fuck around i 'll eat you first like Dahmus (uh)
Ima, play that ass out like bomber (what)
Killed the nigga once for lookin like he wanted drama (aight)
Im buggin, the pain it hurts, i gotta scream, AaaHhhh!, lettin of a little steam (ok)
Society was just toomuch, i couldnt hack it (uh)
Six motherfuckin years in a restraintent jacket (yeah)
But back it wasnt wise for wise for them to let me out the joint
I've never really got better, so im not on point (hey)
I just might flip, quick, but its too late to be bitchen (too late)
Got more loose screws than the table in your kitchen
Im itchin, lets hope you aint around when i scratch (yeah)
Just like i said before (uh), i eats what i catch (catch)
Searchin shit, will have a nigga hurtin sick
The dirt you kick, will get you in the dirt an quick (whoo)
Word to maze you niggaz is kids, dont play
Im too old for the jokes you'll get smoke, i dont play
Im gon say, whats gon happen if you force my hand
Some, somwhere will be like, i lost my man
Take it to heart its about to get dark so run that
All that shit niggaz talkin, been there done that
What black, think its a act, let me know (aight)
But he like what im sayin so shut the fuck! up! and let me flow (yeah)
Yo, you think its a game, keep playin
They gon find your ass, somewhere in the creek layin (dawg)
Its over, you just aint layed down yet
And in a minute, you gon be that motherfucker that they aint found yet (aight)
Hold off on makin movies and make moves
Stop talkin shit that you cant prove
Im the mountain you cant move, so why you tryin
Lookin at me stupid wonderin why you dyin
Why you flyin, through the air, wit a big ass hole in your chest (bark)
Wishin you was holdin a vest
But its too late for wishes (yeah), so you gettin this rest
Go to sleep, Papa will take care of the stress
God bless, and may he have mercy on your soul
Pop! Pop! take these two more wit you, on your strole, nigga
Yep Yep Yep....[Talkin] I dont realy humans that much these days
Hmm shit, fact of the matter is, i trust dawgs more than i trust humans
Shit, nothin like that dawg love i tell you
Not just any dawg, [barking] gotta be a Pit Bull
Yep, thats the only dawg for me
(Cough, cough) You dont wanna get caught in a pit with one a them boy
They make good companians, but even worse enemys
Its all on how you take it Uh, you know how we do baby, aight, Grand Champ, you know how we do
Scratch all day, match all weight, fuck nigga, cant be fuckin serious......
Raccoon aint nuttin but a big cat
Dog Love
f/ Amerie, Janice
[DMX] {Americe and Janice harmonizing}
Uh (Owww) uh oh
It's for the ladies (Ha ha)
Strickly for the ladies (One more time)
Hey, that's all this is
Uh uh (Uh uh)
She was five seven one twenty-five
Man, loose lips with those thighs (Uh)
Couldn't just let her walk by (right), I ain't a thirsty nigga
But right about now my throat was gettin real dry
Shoo this shit, had to be the cutest bitch
I seen in a long time and I don't do this shit, like
Runnin up on hoes, what up ma, I'm X
Cause you know how this goes, come on ma, I'm X
We just chill, sat and talk to the first light
And for the first time I didn't fuck on the first night
And it was aight, shorty was a thorobred
Like "Belly", we ain't fuck, she just gave me head, for real
(Janice)
From the time that the sun is up
Till the stars show up
It really doesn't matter to me
It doesn't matter babe
There's no love like the dog love
There's no love, it's dog love
(Amerie)
No matter what, I'll hold you down
Nobody else will come around
Don't even matter cause
There's no love like the dog love
I got my dog love, got my dog love baby
(There's no love, it's dog love)
I run with shorty, pass off the gun to shorty
Do whatever gots to be done with shorty, straight like that
When I hit her like "I'll be right back"
Yo, I'll be right back, ain't no bullshittin, I'll be right back
She got a nigga catchin feelings, I'm a street nigga hard body
But, she got me catchin feelings
Man, those eyes, those lips
Be like damn, those thighs, those hips
She like "blam", make a nigga have to touch somethin (For real)
Not necessarily fuck somethin, as long as I touch somethin (For real)
A nigga blood boil when I see another nigga holla (WHAT)
Don't make me have to pop a nigga in his fuckin collar
Aiyyo, shit is goin to smooth (Uh)
Since Stella got a new groove (Yeah) it's like we got somethin to prove
We gon' make it, rain or shine
My heart is yours and yours is mine
Like Eve said, "Love Is Blind" (Come on), right about now
I can't see shit cause you always on my mind
Been like that, since I met her, had to have her so I went to get her
But I'm a dog so I didn't sweat her
And it wasn't bout the cheddar, I don't trick
I got two things for bitches, couple of jokes and some dick
Yeah the kid talk slick but that's not what I'm about
We got dog love and me and shorty ridin it out, we out
All I want is you in my life
All I got is you in my life
All I need is you in my life
So I know I'm gonna be all right
(Repeat)
Gotta have that.....uh,uh,uh
I will rob and steal witcha' , dog nigga what
ride till we die, on till it's up
thick like blood, where's my dogs ,uh, there's my dogs
Now who I am is who I'll be until I die, either accept it or don't fuck with it
but if we gon' be dogs then you stuck with it!
Let me go my way but walk with me
see what I see, watch me then, talk with me
Share my pain, make it a little easier to deal with it
cause despite all the fame YOU I'm a keep it real with it (true)!
Rob and steal withcha' dog nigga what
ride till we die, on till it's up
Love is love and I enjoy the love,
but when it's conflict then it destroys the love.
You can't toy with love, niggas take to the heart
you ain't gon' find too many niggas willing to, bark in the dark.(come on!)
Keep your head from the start, don't fuck it up now,
later on they be hit like, fuck it how??
You my dog and I die for you, keep it like that,
give me unconditional love, and I give it right back.
Most niggas make movies, but niggas like us make it happen'
the shit we used to do never thought we would make it rappin'
But now we here, at the same place at the same time,
and got jokes cause now niggas get it, with the same rhyme
Yeah niggas is living comfortable, cause life is all good
but one thing we must remember, is that life is all hood
And the casket's all wood and we all take there one day,(shit)
shit today is Sunday we both can be there on Monday
Life is funny like that, WHAT bug the fuck out
sometimes I take it to the church in terms of thug the fuck out
Niggas get dropped the fuck out they boots, violatin' families rules
motherfucker stay in your shoes
Now see what you need to do, is chill shorty
'body please come and get him before I, kill shorty
I will do for my niggas as they would do for me
bust a faggot like you for free
COME ON!
I'm always surrounded by dogs, for the love
only niggas I fuck wit is thugs nigga what
Blood in blood out ???? homes,???? homes
when we smoke them chromes, and how we broke them bones
While the last niggas is ass niggas
the skimask niggas to trash niggas they ass niggas pussy
And half you cats can't even flow
and when I hear y'all niggas around my head, well you know
But that's a whole 'nother issuse, right now we own this
we keep spittin' like this, how the FUCK we gon' miss?
Cause the camp is strong, and the stamp is strong
double love motherfucker keep the casketes flowing
You done got yourself, caught up in some shit you can't handle
and you know I can't stand you, you'r man too
This one time I'ma letta dog be a dog
but I'ma see you in the ringing when it's on then it's on
dog nigga what?
on till it's up
where's my dog?
uh,uh there's my dog.This is dedicated to, this is dedicated to
The streets, this is dedicated to
And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf
And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf
And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf
It's just D
And the dog is out
Started gettin a little too big for the cage that I been trapped in
Cats new it was a problem, went from robbin to rappin
Guns got the clappin, another trip to the morgue
We all know why it's happenin, another bit by the dog
When there's nothin left to eat, I ate away at my soul
Felt destructive cause I don't give a fuck if I go
I know y'all been told I don't give a fuck about livin
Killin other dogs got you cats chasin bitches
Got me itchin to bring back the beast from within
What I catch I'ma eat, in the streets I'ma win
I've been top dog and I'ma stay top dog
So what the fuck you got to say dog?
You cats play games that dog ain't with
Suck my dick, behind my back dog ain't shit
Well this is it, from now on if you ain't out the camp
We out to clamp, put 'em up against the champ
You bitch
And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf
And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf
And the dog is out, arf arf arf arf
It's just D
And the dog is out, c'mon c'mon
I don't think you cats see too clearly
If it ain't that you must be deaf, cause y'all niggaz don't hear me
But I know I got you scared to death
How many other niggaz you know when you see 'em make you hold your breath?
All a nigga did was take a pause
Did a couple of movies and you thought this whole rap shit was yours?
Stop being greedy, when was the last time you gave to the needy
Believe me, I run through niggaz like hallways with the cops behind
Give it to a nigga all day cause I pops the nine
Man listen, if you don't wanna see your man missin, man listen
I get dough like a nigga in a up north flick
And still roll like a nigga on some up north shit
The way dog flip out, cats'll never understand
Niggaz be like "X I thought I was your man!"
Not!
This is dedicated to, this is dedicated to
The streets, this is dedicated to
My dogs is dogs that love to brawl
Bring as many as you got cause we gon fuck 'em all
Dicksucked in the hall
The same shorty thats puttin any work on her knees
I'm duckin her call
A dog is a dog is a dog for life, dog been a dog, dog in your wife
I got kids this age
But let 'em keep talkin slick and I'm gon put somethin hot up in his ribcage
When the dog is out, bitch ass niggaz get bit or fucked
One or the two, and I'm not Ja Rule
Feel me? Aight
GRRRRRRRRRRR.. yeah
I mean we all men, we all men
We know how the shit go.. love one, fuck another
I mean, it is what it is, it is what it is
I mean, we knew what it was, when we became a part of it (yeahh)
Ain't no sense whinin about it now, feel me?
It's like..
There's something on your mind (WHAT!)
I can see right through you
I know your girl been treatin you wrong (YEA!)
But she ain't no good for you
Why do you hold it inside (UHH!)
Boy you should let me know
I just want to make you right
Wanna be the one you could cry on
Baby, it's like I love my wife
But we goin through things and I ain't goin home tonight
You got time for a nigga, or is he still with you?
Wanna meet at the same spot, or should I come and get you?
Aight, I'll be there in 10, be in the front
I been gettin what I need so I'ma give you what you want
One-on-one, cause you know how to talk to Dog
You walk the dog and understand New York is hard, baby
[M] So you, you ain't gotta go home tonight
[M] You can stay right here with me
[D] Uhh.. I ain't goin nowhere
[D] When you wake up I'm gon' be right there
[M] Don't you worry 'bout a thing
[D] I ain't worried about SHIT!
[M] You're here with me
[D] Look, it's like I love my wife
[D] But we goin through things and I ain't goin home tonight, AIGHT?
It's kinda strange, that when you call (mmm)
She's never home
Now you're there all alone
And, you deserve so much more baby (WHAT!)
I can treat you better than she can (WHAT!)
It doesn't make sense
To keep on loving, and keep on trusting
When, in return all you get is nothing
Damn, you got me fucked up and I'm feelin it more
Never had a mis-tress dis-tressed before
Oh come on ma, like it ain't that deep
Like ain't no love there, like I don't hate that I gotta creep
We go to sleep in each others arms (YEA!)
And I feel like this is where I belong
If lovin you is right then I ain't wrong
This is the same ol' song, wife and fam
Gotta be a father and husband but I'm still yo' man, baby
This situation's getting critical (uh-huh!)
I watch so many tears fall (uh-huh!)
I know she's not what you want (uh-huh!)
So why you keep on holding on? (GRRRRR)
When I'm right here (WHAT!)
All you need to do is call (WHAT!)
Don't be afraid (YEA!)
Cause she won't know at, ALLLLLLLLL
Don't do it dog, it's just not worth it
Uhh.. grrrrrr.. what the fuck have they done
Arf! Arf!
Now don't you ever (fuck around)
Now don't you ever (fuck around)
Nigga don't you ever (fuck around)
Now don't you ever (fuck around)
Aiyyo I got a mean flow that'll drown niggaz, put down niggaz
Can't stand to be around niggaz if they clown niggaz
How many times must I break the same niggaz off somethin dumb
so we know, where the fuck I'm comin from
Gun and ones, watch a black nigga turn purple
with this fo'-pound, I bust mo' rounds, in the circle
The nigga that try is the same nigga that fry
So whenever there's a beef gets in the way that he die
I'm Evil, like Keneival, faggot I'll leave you
like I shoulda did your peoples before they could conceive you
How's a buck-fifty sound, for a quick ass cut
Here's a flasback, I fuckin blow your bitch-ass up
And it's no problem, handlin a nigga with a death wish
Leave him breatheless, and hit his wife with a dead fish
Must I show this nigga, I can throw this nigga, I'll blow this nigga
You can get it too, because your nose is bigger
I get pumped, just like a bodybuilder
And it's been more than a couple of times my pump shottie spilt a
nigga's guts on the door, because he wanted more
than he could stand, now him and his man is on the floor
That's what you get for talkin shit you shouldn'ta got me started
You motherfuckers never wanted nuttin, but you got it
I shit on niggaz like a toilet, cause all it, takes
is a second for to get hectic so call it
How you want it Punk bitch talkin junk bitch
Fuck around and you'll be found in a trunk bitch
Niggaz is off-brand like no frills
And I got mo' skills to show my fo' kills, my fuckin fo' thrills
Got some cold shit, have you like - "Oh shit!" Don't laugh money
When I'm done with this nigga, I'm gettin in yo' shit
Break niggaz, especially fake niggaz over dumb shit
with one hit, watch the dum-dum split this bum's shit
Fuckin see some cats thinkin the worst
Dumb cats, them cats sleep in a hearse
Where yo' guns at Run that, see a nigga thirst
Been there, done that, and did it first
Nigga can't tell me shit about this
And I keep somethin that'll hit if I miss
One thing a nigga stay with is hot shit
Got this, what you cats want Not this
I constantly gots to remind young niggaz
Uh-uhh, don't do that, some niggaz
think cause I ain't killed a nigga this week
that shit is sweet
Fuck around, you'll be dead in the street
Red with a sheet, over the corpse
Shit is deep, so I shed a tear, over the loss
If you creep, then you niggaz'll roll with the force
Shoulda paid that money that you owed to the boss
Uh-huh
Don't do it dog, it's just not worth it
Please heh, for your sake, hehehe
Y'know C'mon!
What, what?
(This goes out to the general public)
Yo.. you over there Styles? - Yeah dog
(Anybody sleepin on us)
Second album nigga - two guns up nigga
Real L.O.X. - blaze!
"We Are the Streets" nigga, y'all know who the best
(C'mon) Fuck y'all niggas wanna do - what, what?
(Let's go)
Couldn't live the life I live (yo why's that)
I could die any minute, I get high every minute
Fuckin with snake niggas, and sleepin with foul bitches
Came through in the latest whip with two pounds in it
Pull over where the hustlers be (and why's that)
Cause I get chills when you talk of hustlin ki's
So I'm always where the powder be at (what it mean)
I can blow five bricks to ten in an hour if that
Stay away from where the cowards be at (why's that)
Time is money god, and you can't get an hour back
Or I would do it again to get the power back
Have Godfather status, make niggas bow to that
You could all shine and glitter and keep the ones
Fives and tens, for twenties and up, we dummy it up
Make a lot of money, look bummy and what
Cause money aint shit, respect is everything
So if I kill niggas dead, don't ask me shit
I smoke blunts to the head, so don't pass me shit
I'd rather die from a bullet, than a nasty bitch
They say the good die young, all that mean to me
is that the hood die young, we call it the last days
What you know about coppin a house to fight pits in
Or blowin weed smoke on the cops that write tickets
Henny iy up, shit we can semi it up
Have a picture of you on the wall, 'In Memory Of'
Stay in sync with the hood, gray minks with the hood
We tryin' to get money like chinks in the hood
They ask me how I'm doing now - I tell 'em better than them
And if your man front - he can get eleven in him
And if you told them once - then you better tell him again
Ay yo, now let's see
Who you know fuckin with Sheek Luc, Jadakiss, and S.P.
From dope money to rap money, back to dope money (C'mon)
From loaded guns to empty ones, over dope money (Let's go)
We got the car house and the smoke, with the dope money (C'mon)
All my niggas that died, over dope money (Let's go)
Bust your nine niggas, side by side niggas (C'mon)
If we get the RICO law, we go run and hide niggas (Let's go)
Death is the only thing that might divide niggas (C'mon)
So don't fuck around with them Ryde or Die niggas (Let's go)
Basically speakin, all I know your face will be leakin
I rap full time and still pump bass on the weekend
A nigga hoppin all over the map - and what you learned
That niggas with long paper take longer to crack
That's why every chance I buy me a gat
Why you rather buy you a chain - I aim at your brain
Nigga, robbery is all we know, so how we gon go broke
when we could always take all y'all dough
And then fly out to Cuba and get in the coke fields
Die off the buddha, fifty with fifty mill
Bring drama cause Gianconna got Kennedy killed
If you come through in a jet, then you frontin to us
Cause when the coke price was up - it was nuthin to us
We got blocks full of heroin - weed and dust
Seen bullets pop off - cause of greed and lust
And when the big dogs die - who gon feed the pups
My niggas is here, so you know the circle is tight
I circle the block, and cut off the lights - pray to Christ
And when the cops come, we don't care, we got shotguns
And niggas with the most ice, get the hot ones
Stay on your job, nigga I'ma stay on mine
And if I lose my voice nigga, I'ma flow online
And by next year, we should have a thousand guns
Nigga Ruff Ryde, Ryde or Die Volume One
Drag-On:
Ha, Ha, Ha Oh, Damn Now bop to this Oh Yeah Ya'll know what this is Flame on Juvenile Drag-on Flame on And now Swizz, Swizz Beatz yeah
Drag-On:
Me and my niggas done licked shots
Even done hit cops
Bet ya'll niggas can't wait till my shit drop
Treat you like your moma given' lip to pop
Nigga you don't want my paper drop
Cause that means I'm empty
And your full of it
Check what the bullet did
Missiles gonna hit you get you
Rip through tissue Should have never rhymed this cause I miss you
I make plus cash Ya'll little niggas can't fuck wit Drag
Got the chain out So it's bust and grab
Nigga fuck that You better bust back 'fore ya nigga ask back where the vest at
Rock like a girl but you can't trust cash
Spit like a fire but you can't touch black
All you can do is cuss back And read back how you bust gats
Nigga we don't need that I don't care about your feed back
Ya'll niggas don't feed Drag
Tell a motherfucker pull out Bust a bullet out In ya safe house
Nigga where the keys at Nigga where the stash at Nigga where the weed at
Nigga pass that 'fore I pull my trigger
Mater fact where the ass at Cause I got the Ruff Ryders
And I aint talkin bout my niggas
Nigga we can go hoe for hoe Toe to toe Blow for blow
And when you fell your nose crack
That mean I broke that I'm fittin to PO-PO wit a flame thrower like I told yo' befo' ya know
You can't handle it You can put me on wax but my fire burn candles
And who that nigga Ruff Rydin' Drag-on Ya'll niggas and south siders
Chorus (Drag-on:)
Do ya'll niggas bust ya'll guns
(Chant:) Hell yeah we bust our guns
(Drag-on:) Do you fuck them 'till they cum
(Chant:) Damn right we make them cum
(Drag-on:) It's for the north
(Voices:) Head South, Head East, Head West
(Drag-on:) Ruff Ryders gonna show ya'll niggas who rides the best
(Repeat)
Juvenile:
In the late night
We be cockin high givin' you stage fright
Yo' head might explode
When I bust with the lead pipe
And I say right
Juvenile hey tight
Stay hype
Now page Mike
And make sure he got all the yeah aight
I'm tired of niggas be thinkin that you usein' me
Runnin with them petty ass niggas lookin' like fools to me
I'm workin wit some change ha
And aint afraid to put 50 up on ya brain ha
You 'bout warin' over ya people I'm the same ha
Look I'ma have some body sayin' thats the shame game
But if them people come they aint gonna give no names ha
Playin' with the number one son don't play no games ha
Come outside don't see nothin' but camoflage and bricks
Yo' get some boys straped with (ban)danas tryin knock off yo' shit
Ya stankin' bitch I Ruff Ryde your ass then
Cashin' for money Juve aint gettin nothin' Ha, Ha, Ha that shit is funny
(Repat Chorus 2x)
Drag-on:
When my niggas get knocked we gonna bail them out
When it come to my gun my shells is out
You better get the message cause I done mailed it out
I'ma bang like a hammer and I'ma nail us out
East west the right this for my niggas up north
My guns made in China so you better dust off
Cause when they getcha you gonna be ketchup
I always got chedder I never ass bet ya'
And I won't even sweat ya' We roll much larger and better
My dough is never low
But if Drag is down on his last
I'ma reach in my sweater bet my baretta
Make a nigga feel heat in cold weather
Can't stand a nigga hype Throw me his bitch
Bitch come to my shit You betta come get her
Be like a dog with a bone I run with her
Ya'll make me so tired Ya'll niggas still rappin' like ya'll don't know my flows fire
Ya'll aint got ya'll boots Aint got ya'll suits probaly got a gun that aint never shoot When they come you better hope they don't name you
Cause like two sticks rubbin' I'll flame you
Don't try to be me cause I aint you
'fore I have your spirits with the angels
My shorty keep a gun on the ankles
Wana fuck watch out she will bang you
Cause I taught her well Ya'll players better haul to hell
But you niggas couldn't borrow a belt
Who evers wit you is gonna jail
Is you iggas bustin' guns or you aint bustin' none ha
You want to fuck'em till they cum ha
Drag-on Juvenille double up what you want ha (Repeat chorus 4x)
Ay yo fuck y'all niggaz
(Man fuck you too)
Ay yo fuck y'all niggaz
(Man fuck you too)
It's big dog baby
Gettin down like what
See I'm a thorough bread
I don't fuck wit much
Bloodline is
Where the pups at
They off the Grand Champ
Yea what black
Don't nothin move less
Dog say so
Cats clueless
About the way it go
Off the chain I got
At least 3 kills
Even though my last album only did 3 mil
I still give em chill
Cuz they feel dog
I can't help what it is
Shit is real dog
You must have thought that
It was a joke or somethin
Now you done fucked around
And got your man choked for frontin
Now hold up playa
Cuz I don't play those games
And don't ask me shit
Cuz I don't say no names
See what I know I'm taking
To the fuckin grave
So keep knockin cuz you ain't gettin a fuckin thing
Ay yo
Who we be was off the last joint
But now it's who we see
And we forget the last joint
Cats ain't never walked like X
Even before coochie rapper talked like sex
I've been around since at least 83
So ain't no sense in you motherfuckers hatin me
Cuz I'm gon be here when you cats is gone
And other cats is on
Another batch is born
Don't give a fuck
Bout none of y'all
Fuck each and every one of y'all
Cuz I done done it all
Been where ya at
Been where ya goin
Then brought it back
I tried to tell ya bout it
But you wouldn't listen
Now I'm gonna take you to the hood
Cuz the hood will listen
I wish you woulda listened
Cuz then you woulda known
That it's only right
To give a dog a bone
Bitch
Aw Man
There are some things I can't stand
When a nigga holla wanna shake my left hand
When a nigga follow cuz he actin like my man
Nigga might as well swallow cuz he actin like a fan
And I got balls like you do
Man I got paul to pull through you
Stan don't they know how we do
In to the streets with our hearts to the people
Gots to give a little to get somethin back
And what you usually give see you ain't nothin black
But when you don't give then it won't last
His shit will disappear like wit a nigga that smoked fast
You'll get broke fast
That's the lord's will
Hold up I think somebody's a the door
Shhh chill
You sit right there
I'm gonna answer that
Cuz when I finish poppin ain't nobody answerin back
Fuck it
Uh-huh (Y'KNOW)
ARF!
Uhh..
Take it for what it's worth, my birth was a blessing
Sent to live and die, on earth as a lesson
We each have a star, all we have to do is find it
Once you do, everyone who sees it will be blinded (WHAT)
They'll tell you that you're bright, and say you have a future
When you turn your back, same cats'll try to shoot ya
Niggaz ain't shit, I can live on both sides of the fence
Forget what you do, when you talk, see what you really meant (aight)
That's what I thought, them niggaz was bluffin (uh)
They talk all day but say, nothin (uh)
It gets so dark (WHAT) haze so intense
Since this first rain it's like it's rained ever since (WHAT)
Never got paid for a rhyme but I flow (whoo)
Never got a plate on time but I grow (whoo)
Live your life, STAY on the line but I go (UHH)
Went from doin crime to bein kind cause I know
I'm gon' live forever, I'm never gon' die
Only thing I fear is that I'm never gon' fly
Carry my weight but I'm never gon' cry
Shit I tell y'all niggaz straight cause I'm never gon' lie
What is about who I am that makes me unforgettable (HMM)
What it is about what I've done that makes it so incredible (uhh)
"More money, more problems" -- well the fame was worse (uh-huh)
I reached out for love and what came back was thirst (WHAT)
Blessed with the curse (uh) niggaz don't hear me
Niggaz don't hear me, Y'ALL NIGGAZ, don't hear me (uh)
What'd I just say "Nigga g'head" - you see that
You gots to FEEL ME to catch what I'm sayin, BELIEVE THAT (UHH!)
But leave that, alone (WHAT)
We gon' make a nigga wanna be at, your home (WHAT)
Oh you kinda quiet with the heat at, your dome (UHH!)
If the dog got he's gonna bring back a bone
cause we got the chrome (C'MON!)
This is what I live for, or die for
I'm the nigga with the high score, you try for
What you niggaz wanna lie for It changes nothin
I'm true for cats, yet some strangers bluffin
Now if I take what he gave me and I, use it right (uh-huh)
In other words if I listen and, use the light (uh-huh)
Then what I say will remain here, after I'm gone
Still here, on the strength of a song, I live on (HMM)
No second-guessin on what I stood for, I was good for
stoppin niggaz from killin each other in the hood war (UHH)
Comin through showin love, throwin up (UHH)
Them cats not throwin love, you know whassup (WHAT)
Dark Man baby, that's my name
and I gots to be the realest nigga (UHH) up in this game
Cause ain't no shame, they don't make em like, this no more
Real to the core, big heart but built for war
I stand for what I believe in
Even if what I believe in stops me from breathin
Relatives grievin, but I ain't went nowhere
Listen to the song (C'MON) I'm right there
Chorus: 2x
I will rob the still wit you
Dog nigga wha
Ride till we die, on till it's on
Thick like blood, where's my dogs?
Uh, there's my dogs
Now who I am is who I be until I die
Now except it or don't fuck wit it
But if we gonna be dogs then you stuck with it
Let me go my way, but walk with me
See what I see, watch me, then talk wit me
Share my pain, make it a little easier to deal wit
Cuz despite all the fame you, I'ma keep it real wit
Rob the steal wit, dog nigga wha, ride till we die, on till it's on
Love is love, and I enjoy the love, but when there's conflict, then it
destroys the love
You can't toy with love, niggaz take it to the heart
You ain't gonna find too many niggaz that are willing to bark in the dark
Leave your head from the start, don't fuck it up now
Later on you gonna hit me like, fuck it up how?
You my dog and I'd die for you, let's keep it like that
Give me unconditional love and I'll give it right back
Most niggaz make movies, but niggaz like us make it happen
Or shit we use to do, never thought we would make it rappin'
But now we here, at the same place, at the same time
Now cats joke cuz they get it wit the same rhyme
Yeah niggaz is livin' comfortable cuz life is all good
One thing we must remember that life is all hood
And the casket's all wood, and we all take it there one day
Shit today is Sunday, we both could be there on Monday
Life is bullied like that, WHAT'Thugged the fuck out
Sometimes I take it to the church and sometimes thug the fuck out
Niggaz get drunk the fuck out their boots, violating family rules
Mothafuckers stay in your shoes
Now see what you need to do is chill shorty
Mighty please come and get it before I kill shorty
I will do for my niggaz as what they will do for me
Bust a faggot like you for free
I'm always surrounded by dogs for the love
The only niggaz I fuck wit is thugs, nigga wha?
Blood in blood out, pathos locos homes, Its no jokos homes, when we smoke them
cromes
And how we broke them bones
Are the last niggaz, these ass niggaz, these skemed ass niggaz, to trash
niggaz, they ass niggaz, they pussy and half you cats can't even flow
And when I hear ya'll niggaz rhyme I hear, well you know
But that's a whole nother' issue, right now we on this
We keep spittin' like this, how the fuck we gon' miss?
Cuz the camp is strong, and the stamp is strong
Double r, mothafucker keep the casket blowin
You could get yourself caught up in shit you can't handle
And you, know I can't stand you, demand to
This one time I'ma let a dog be a dog
But I'ma see you in the ring and when it's on then it's on
Dog nigga wha, on till it's on,
where's my dog, there's my dog
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
All of my niggas get down like wha
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
All of my niggas get down like wha
My dogs is dogs with official bloodline
I say stop being greedy, get a plate if you want mine
Why them niggas always force you to take it back to the streets
Can I at least go one year without spitting the heat
Motherfuckers think you sweat till your chest gets messed up
Two days later he's dressed up, let him rest up
He ain't going nowhere, no time soon
Remember high noon, last thing he heard was BOOM
Can I gets some room, or do I have to make me a path
break you in half, fake niggas make me laugh
Yall niggas is funny, still talking about money
And ain't got none, get the shotgun cause you hungry
It's about to get ugly when the lights is out
One, two, three, Hooo, that's three strikes, you're out
His ninth was out, I think they found it filling his head
He in the bag, and I'm over here killing his men
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
All of my niggas get down like wha
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
All of my niggas get down like wha
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
All of my niggas get down like wha
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
All of my niggas get down like wha
I no longer see the shadows that once kept me strong
And I'm starting to get that same feeling that kept me raw
Can't afford to trust niggas, cause niggas lust figures
Plus niggas scared to bust niggas, rush niggas
Doing it with the heat, and ain't killing nothing but time
Fucking with the streets you ain't feeling nothing but mine
Tired of hearing niggas rhyme and don't say shit
Fuck is on a niggas mind, why don't they quit
Sucking my dick, looking for something new
Let you man hold something, with your whole something crew
You know how niggas do, we don't forget shit
If you were there when it's thin, then you there when it's thick
No hitchhikers, fuck that, the ride was rough
And if you a nigga that was with us, then that was rough
A lot of niggas that is with us, ain't cried enough
So now when niggas come and get us we fires them up
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
All of my niggas get down like wha
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
All of my niggas get down like wha
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
All of my niggas get down like wha
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
All of my niggas get down like wha
Motherfucker, thought that the X would stop
But I got niggas like 'Yo, who's the next to drop'
From his camp get the stamp, the grand champ, it's official
Think when you die, how many's gonna miss you
Lean over in your casket and kiss you
Send you on your way with a blessing
And pray that another learned a lesson
Smith and Wesson ended moneys life, now moneys wife's a widow
'Gave it to him full blast', nah dog just a little
Besides rap, I don't talk, but make plenty of moves
I'll murder ten of you fools, before your ready to choose
You either win or you lose, and I 'luh' to win
Even if it means I got to shed blood again
Keep a bank account doubling but don't hate me
Really thought that's what you said, would either make me or break me
No, and it don't take me long to write
Matter of fact I think I'll drop another song tonight
Come on!
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
All of my niggas get down like wha
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
All of my niggas get down like wha
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
All of my niggas get down like wha
Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
All of my niggas get down like wha
Uh, uh, uh
Niggaz gettin trampled on, what's all the fuss about
Suckin my dick so hard, I'm bustin in they mouth
And then I snuff em out, four to the mid', fuck what I did
With no regard for a bid, ripped you up, while you wit your kid
Slid into the shadows, cause I'm dark like that
I bark like that, jet black, but I spark like that
Where ARE they at, when I get thirsty, shit
Ain't a nigga strong enough to stand the worst it gets
Bits, and pieces are all thats that left
Niggaz so scared to death, they hold they motherfuckin breath
til I pass, cause they asked/assed, and I smelled em
The S-P-E-L-L-E-D T-H-E-M, I spelled em
To make me have to swell one, eye up, lump up one head
Catch a body with the shottie, pump up one dead
Red alert, niggaz is about to get hurt, do work
to skirts, like a jag on the merk, ARF
Night time is the right time for creepin
Vandalize your crib, rape your wife while she's sleepin
I been off the deep end, since I was semen
That's why now, I'm such a motherfuckin demon!
SCREAMIN, my bloody head off, shit on my mind I gotsta get off
Can't even hold a joint, lest I let off
a couple of rounds, from the big three pound, seven
That's about eleven hundred as of now
How-can-one-man-kill-so-many-and
the-sin-be-plenty-before-the-age-of-20 *sing-song like Nice and Smooth*
Life ain't worth a penny in, my book faggot
That's why I took faggot shit, I'm a crook faggot
Fat loops leather jackets, I bag it, along with
the jewels smackin tools out the hands of fools
On the strength that they don't know what they holdin
Niggaz caught me tail end cause the weight that I be sewin
shit up cause I get up, off my ass and SKATE
Makin more moves than U-Haul, from state to state
I speak the GREAT, and if a nigga tells you different
You turn around you ask the nigga, "The FUCK is you be sniffin"
Cause when it come to riffin, I am the riff raffin
Gots to say nuttin, niggaz know they get had
Motherfucker, Funk Flex, volume three, the final chapter
Ruff Ryders, Irv Gotti, Def Jam..
Right here, where my dogs at
Got them all for you baby I got them all
I gots them all..
Uh-oh! (GROWLS)
Don't tell me!(GROWLS)
Don't tell me it's another one of these PK joints!
Not another P. Killer joint!
OH MY MOTHERFUCKIN'GOD!
Uh, uh, uh
You better stop that
Before I come ridin' back (RIGHT BACK)
Right back to you (BACK TO YOU)
I know you wouldn't like that (OH NO)
We don't need no (WE DON'T NEED NO)
Extra offer see (WE DON'T NEED NO)
Wasn't really no friend of mine (WASN'T NO FRIEND)
Wasn't really no friend of mine (OF MINE)
I'm part of the meek, started to speak, at age 10
Other kids were ridin' bikes, but that was the age when
I became a man, learned to stand, on my own
One dog, no bone, so young, so grown
Kid left home, shit got harder, kid got smarter
Did my part of the bad shit, I was the starter
Came from the heart of the hood, not lookin' too good
Fuckin' did what I could; ready to bitch in the wood
For all the shit you do, just when you think you sly
What goes around, comes around, the wrong damn time
Maybe too late, but damn, I shoulda did that back then
Shoulda thought about that then, now come on out the den
Slowly, Come on; keep your hands where I can see em
You don't know me, but we already got wifey tied up in the BM
And know who set you up That bitch with the crazy ass!
Another shorty, another party of your shady past!
God don't like ugly, all that love me, wanna plug me
But fuck me, it's about Is this really what you want G
The more dirt you do, the more dirt you get
More fake niggas that ride, that'll jerk your dick
The more you think your slick, but somebody sees everything
Sometimes the thieves never hang
They remain, outlaws, wild dogs, outdoors
Strippin' cats about yours, it's all about claws
Beggin', scratchin', weighin' and matchin'
You stayin with the batch, and playin' with what you catchin'
Do unto others, as you would have others do unto you, that's under you
You must first separate from, then connect with
Fuckin' with that X shit (WHAT), cos this the best shit (WHAT)
Motherfuck the rest bitch (WHAT), it's all about this (WHAT)
Do what you do, and you get what you get!
See what it boils down to, is that it all comes through
Remember what you do, cause it's gon' come true
A little harder than you did it, but that's the way it is
I aint know it be like this, but that's the way it is
Keep fuckin' with them kids, cause they all get grown and shit
When they get they own, what's gon' been that you shown em
Fuck how to take a bone How to rob a nigga of his throne
How to be left standin' alone
Get a nigga gone, that aint right
Do it yourself, be a man and fight
Nigga earn your stripes, I damn sure earned mine
I already know your language, now try to learn mine
Dig til you find, and when you find you keep
I done spelled it out for you, but you niggas is still asleep
6 feet deep, was just around the corner
Be surprised how many niggas, wanna, wanna!
Attention please, attention please
Can I have everybody's attention please
So humorous, we laugh at all ay'all
The alliance has now been officially formed
Ruff Ryder, Flipmode, 2000, it's now official baby
It's another headbanger
Swizz Beats, who hits on your streets every six weeks
I be on the MP so much that my wrist's weak
Ain't shit sweet, pile 'em in here
All my thugs in the clubs start wildin' in here
Now put your bottles in the air, then light your dutches
Me and Busta keep it tight like liposucion
Niggas that don't like me get the knife for frontin'
Cause one night in the club gets your life on crutches
You got that whodie, I'll cock that forty
Flyin' in the 5 with the top back on it
Stop that shorty, I know you love me
Probably sample one of my beats then owe me money
Plus you don't know me money, so stop the rumors
Before you need the janitors to come mop the room up
Ryde or Die Volume two, smash the charts
Now put your hands in the air for the black Mozart, OH!
(Ohhhh), Now come on
(Screeeam), Jump baby come on
Get your hands up, (What!), now all my ladies do it
Get your hands up, (What!)
Now let me walk you through it
(Ohhhh), Now come on
(Screeeam), Jump baby come on
Get your hands up, (What!), now all my ladies do it
Get your hands up, (What!)
Now let me walk you through it
Y'all niggas try to front, I'll send my crew on a hunt
Bunch of scheming ass niggas smoking gats and blunts
Busta Rhymes, Flipmode represent
For the Ruff Ryder, and my nigga Swizz
And we gonna be here to present
Y'all niggas with some other shit to bang in the street
And block the fuck out, bang the fuckin' floor with your feet
Before we bang y'all niggas all with the heat
Feed y'all niggas more gutters like a mutherfuckin' all you can eat
And make you bounce how poncho will play the congo
And bang on the bongo, free to bounce on the bongo
From New York to Colorado, so just follow
I'm living for today and livin' tomorrow
Open up your mouth, I got somethin' big for you to swallow
Blow you through the chest with a hollow
Like the foul shit you waste and transpired right infront the impalo
Yo, the general Busta Busta shock and memorable
You know we precious like minerals, and deadly like burials
Listen, Flipmode and Ruff Ryders bang out hits
S-W-I two Z's bang out clips
Bang out chicks, for fun we bang out whips
Y'all go to war with revolvers that bang out flicks
Now find me on two-fifth in the summer when it starts
And iced up, nice cut, new pair of Jordans
Thinkin' of extortin, nigga your life ain't important
Your camp hotter than ours?, the fuck y'all snortin'
My thugs bang out bricks, swing, mix, throw dem grams
Hash smokers, hopin' more and out of soda cans
(Yo Swizz, I heard you stole), Whoa! listen man
Mindin' my business will make you a missin' man
See the wrist and hand?, got plaques on the wall
And a fifth in hand, I'll put your back on the wall
Nigga don't ask me no more about nuttin' you hear
Just scream and shout and just wild in here
New York, they ain't ready for it
A-T-L, they ain't ready for it
Oh, Oh, Oh, they ain't ready for it
Whoa, Oh, Oh, they ain't ready for it
My ladies
Millenium
Guns bustin' plenty of them, y'all hear that
Ay yo fuck y'all niggaz
(Man fuck you too)
Ay yo fuck y'all niggaz
(Man fuck you too)
It's big dog baby
Gettin down like what
See I'm a thorough bread
I don't fuck wit much
Bloodline is
Where the pups at
They off the Grand Champ
Yea what black
Don't nothin move less
Dog say so
Cats clueless
About the way it go
Off the chain I got
At least 3 kills
Even though my last album only did 3 mil
I still give em chill
Cuz they feel dog
I can't help what it is
Shit is real dog
You must have thought that
It was a joke or somethin
Now you done fucked around
And got your man choked for frontin
Now hold up playa
Cuz I don't play those games
And don't ask me shit
Cuz I don't say no names
See what I know I'm taking
To the fuckin grave
So keep knockin cuz you ain't gettin a fuckin thing
Ay yo
Who we be was off the last joint
But now it's who we see
And we forget the last joint
Cats ain't never walked like X
Even before coochie rapper talked like sex
I've been around since at least 83
So ain't no sense in you motherfuckers hatin me
Cuz I'm gon be here when you cats is gone
And other cats is on
Another batch is born
Don't give a fuck
Bout none of y'all
Fuck each and every one of y'all
Cuz I done done it all
Been where ya at
Been where ya goin
Then brought it back
I tried to tell ya bout it
But you wouldn't listen
Now I'm gonna take you to the hood
Cuz the hood will listen
I wish you woulda listened
Cuz then you woulda known
That it's only right
To give a dog a bone
Bitch
Aw Man
There are some things I can't stand
When a nigga holla wanna shake my left hand
When a nigga follow cuz he actin like my man
Nigga might as well swallow cuz he actin like a fan
And I got balls like you do
Man I got paul to pull through you
Stan don't they know how we do
In to the streets with our hearts to the people
Gots to give a little to get somethin back
And what you usually give see you ain't nothin black
But when you don't give then it won't last
His shit will disappear like wit a nigga that smoked fast
You'll get broke fast
That's the lord's will
Hold up I think somebody's a the door
Shhh chill
You sit right there
I'm gonna answer that
Cuz when I finish poppin ain't nobody answerin back
Fuck it
Get the fuck out of here, I'm LL Cool
Soakin wet with bad bitches in the indoor pool
Yo what am I, an animal
Cuz I bagged your's too
One bad mooley, and you can get pants, schooly
I'm the G.O.A.T., what I wrote cause fire and smoke
Think I started on the choir singin solo for the pope
Tell your mama please, get up off her knees
You can't wear yellow spandex wit a ass of cottage cheese
Open toed shoes, feet smell like collard greens
Toes *Kriss Krossed* like she on J. Dupris' team
Button your sittin up like beach balls in the sand plus
A mouth full of rotten teeth with a dildo in her hand
Who the fuck let you in, all my assistants are fired
Now I'm lookin for some washed up rapper that I can hire
You know some old school nigga wit a bit of attitude
Pay him $1500 to fuck a girl in an interlude
You say I'm souped up, well, soup is good food
So what I scratch my nuts, how the fuck is that wrong
For so glowin, afro pickin
S-curl hatin, Jamaican rum sippin
Kid I'll burp on your girl buttcheeks
The honey had my nuts like two red beets
I'm banannas, out of my fuckin mind they won't let me back in
Cuz I was down before the hype like Dusty Rhodes and Bob Backlund
Bruno Samartino, Stan Staziak
Now The Rock and Stone Cold are my favorite maniacs
The top rooster pluckin, chickens when I'm cluckin
WWF stands for When and Where we Fuckin
Fuhgidabowdit
Yo kid
Fuhgidabowdit
Fuhgidabowdit
Yo, Fuhgidabowdit
Yo, ey, Fuhgidabowdit
Ey, ey, Fuhgidabowdit
Eh, Fuhgidabowdit
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
I'm like Menace II Society
I roll through the drive thru like Kane
Jack you for the cheeseburgers and chicken wings, and datins too
See my boys down the ride crack patience too
Bricks, walk around, snorkel down
Maccaroni and cheese Timbs broke out the orphan house
Transportin out, the poison in 'em
Box 'em up in the aisle with the frozen dinners
And them niggas that ran...
My goal's to get 'em
With the heat seekin flow wit, fo' antennas
Doc's Da Name, that's why y'all fuck wit me
I'm pocket change, the bums don't fuck with D
Objective in 'em, Carlo inspection sticka
Check the pen, I write like a X was in 'em
Teeth grittin, I brawl wit a major league mitten
Where the stash at
Yo, yo, punk, M takin me wit him
Fuhgidabowdit
Yo, Fuhgidabowdit
Ayo nigga, Fuhgidabowdit
Yo, yo, yo, Fuhgidabowdit
Yo dog, Fuhgidabowdit
Yo you heard, Fuhgidabowdit
Ayo you hear me, Fuhgidabowdit
Yo nigga, Fuhgidabowdit
Yo, this be the Cool J function, music get my blood pumpin
Down for whatever, which usually means I'm up to somethin
Who owe me somethin, them niggas in the back frontin
They rockin cuffs and, put the eight up, rappercussion
You know my name, so there's no need for introduction
I'm Mr. Done it all, so none of y'all can do me nothing
Bitch I'm grown, puffin on that one and bone
Bet me and Queen Bee be swingin til the honey come
Backs get blown, trash get thrown
In headlocks, from this view, I'm fuckin Star Jones
I'm red hot just like candy, in '95 won the Grammy
Yo, he use it as an ashtray now
Niggas can't stand or understand me, yeah
Either or, funky headhunter wild comanchees wit shitty draws
What's that shit, what shit, that shit on your lip
I can't smoke wit ya kid, but I'll save ya the clip...
Fuhgidabowdit
Ayo nigga, Fuhgidabowdit
Yo, what the fuck, Fuhgidabowdit
Yo, Fuhgidabowdit
Uh, Fuhgidabowdit
Ayo dog, Fuhgidabowdit Bitches can't stand me, Fuhgidabowdit Still pullin out pennies, Fuhgidabowdit The shit I see every day brings tears to my eyes
How I holla at my niggas brings ears to my cries
Stick niggas for not knowin, then teach 'em somethin
Bitch niggas talkin bout you from the streets you frontin
I never liked you, and you, I don't know
So what the fuck you think is 'sposed to happen, we gon go
Mono on mono, whatever nigga, I'm gon dust you
If you can't pick that afro, I'm gon bust you
Walkin like you was a lil nigga cuz you is
And don't forget that daddy's gonna always love his kids
Crackin niggas got the nerve to wonder why I rob, why
You guys will live while everybody else'll starve
That pretty shit is played, fuck what your name hold
Break a nigga off somethin, watch a nigga gain fo'
Now you layin somewhere cold, stiff as shit
And all that riffin shit, mens will get you hit, bitch
Fuhgidabowdit
Boom boom boom 'open the door ATF'
To late to send my girl downstairs
To say he left
With the basement
Go through the replacement door
Come up in my neighbor's yard
Wit' the taste of war
You know I laced the 4
Wit' the hollows
Crack the safe grab the bottles
(What you want me to do?)
Feed Carlos
2 houses over by the tall black fenct
I keep the hooptie parked
For situations like this
There go Reese, yo get in, you drive
(What the fuck you doin' nigga?)
Tryin' to stay alive
Cops on every corner
I lay back and try to cruise by
Who the fuck could 'a' snitched
Must 'a' been the new guy
Damn, they're back on our ass
Put yo' foot back on the gas
Step on it fast
Tryin' to pull up on the side
But I'm packin' a blast
Tryin' to take them niggaz heads off
Fuck crackin' the glass
And then look out, ah, damn, came so close
You almost hit that bitch
(Like you said nigga, almost)
Shit, the cops hummin'
But I know they aint gon' leave 'er
Go up here make this left
Pull it over, take a breather
'Drop it on the floor,' boom
Got it through the door
Pedal to the floor
We off and flyin'
Death is in the air
And I don't know if it's mine
But I'll know if it's time
It'll be when it is
And all I can think of is
What about my kids?
Shit, they on the corner
'Hit the sidewalk quick'
1,2,3,4,5, more clips
Hit the fire hydrant
Get low for the shoot out
Run throught he 5
Pull the joint from my boot out
Caught me in the shoulder, the neck, the ear
I'm goin' out fast
And the last thing I hear
Boom, boom, boom, 'open the door, ATF'
Intro: Styles:
What! Niggaz can't fuck with us
DMX:
Get at me dog. My niggaz
Styles:
That's my word!
Verse One: DMX
I'm the type to kick back and look at shit,
'cause crooked shit gets me amped
And what you don't know, will get you locked in sleep away camp.
Grand champ and raise more hell, than a Sorrel
See you at the peephole, bustin' at the doorbell
Though I wasn't coming without mine
You put me on the front line because you doubt mine
Bet your and lost yours, you come to get your I tossed yours
And it cost yours, fuck y'all niggaz stupid, I'm the boss dog
What more dirt must I do, plus my crew
Busts at you, and you be like "What's that oooh"
What's that Clue, do I bring the noise what
Destroy these mutts, is these niggaz toys or what
Bring all the pretty niggaz thinking they shitty, what a pity
Lemme show them niggaz shitty some pity, but for fifty
A motherfucker will get a bullet to hum to him, put the gun to him
Hit 'em with something that comes to him, bet it runs through him
Look at what I done to him, no more smiles
Got the whole top half of his head, running wild
But you don't hear me though, so I turn out the lights
We can take it to the streets dog, turn off the mics
If you want war, then you want more, than you can stand
And this 44, will leave you with your dick in the sand
Who the man, and now you cats know for real
Get at me dog, (bark), what the deal
Verse Two: Styles
Y'all niggaz fucking with the L.O.X.
Your stuck on a rock
Got that Alcatraz flow
You just don't know
Lifetime kid caged in blazin'
Any type of rapper or federal agent
Paniro the made man, blade man
Stand up type of guy, your living a lie
Niggaz wanna be pretty and fly but kiddies will die
The dogs run the city, bet fifty on mine
Two grams for you to sniff, how silly am I
Got a lot of jokes don't, kill yo ass won't I
Maybe not if the spot is filled up with po 9
Many niggaz get it confused, blame the rules
Only ask the how's not the who's
Better off busting your tool, then we might get the crew
But as far as rap goes, you a motherfucking fool
If you don't want chips, you should have stayed in school
You and 8-ball nigga, you wanna play pool
I'll put you in the side pocket, look at the size of my rocket
Styles don't lie, cop the work then clock it
Boxes full of boots, jeans, suits and watches
Niggaz don't pump if they can't make a profit
Stop it, before we pull it back then cop it
Vacant lot niggaz come through then we lock it
(WHAT, WHAT, WHAT)
Verse Three: Jadakiss
With no glocks I'm in your town with five locks
Take five blocks, come back with five trucks, with knots
It's the L.O.X, three niggaz that listen and watch
And nigga you know, whenever we spit, it's hot
It be that new flow, my niggaz, fly niggaz
Always high niggaz, ready to die niggaz
As far as I'm hearing, y'all doing a lot of comparing
Lemme get the one clearance like a sample
'Kiss is the champ and I know that you don't wanna get stamped
Left somewhere cramp, so when it rains, you get damp
Niggaz is done, since poppy raised his son
When bringing in drums, to bring all g's to bums
Whether you can flow or not ain't the issue
You don't Jay to kiss you, his lyrics pierce the gristle
Take a puff then a swig
Think about how I'm gonna
hold it down for Big, my motherfucking nig
Your money is low, and your flow been late
While I be coming through with new shit with tint plates
The only higher than money, is respect
The only thing hotter than my click, is a tek
So when I hit you with these last bars around your neck
You gonna know never to fuck around with L-O-X nigga
(WHAT, YEAH)
Verse Four: Sheek Luchion
My bank account be doubling
While you niggaz stay in trouble and
L.O.X. stay fly
Three niggaz jig-I
Shit you never seen before, Feds hit the repo law
Kingpin, 10 mil. each of us popular
It's Sheek baby
Chicks hate to see me on the Soul Train
With Don Cornelius
And all they got is alias
To work with
To catch Sheek, y'all niggaz besta work quick
Now that I'm eating right, plus living well
So nowadays when I burp, it's fettucini you smell
Ain't that right poppa-san, used to push a Nissan
With a black master full 850 full suspension
While you collect your pension, I ain't worked in years
My stomach is fat from Puerto Rican food, while yours is scarce
Small black haired, chinky-eyed Puerto Rican mama
Keep them laced in the scadda, half the closet on product
I learn things, just by watching y'all niggaz make the wrong moves
Now I know what not to do, to make more than y'all fools
Y'all think we ignorant, 'cause we don't budge unless we benefit
Cats that take the light that's scarce and see what's at the end of it
P.H. me, because a nigga wisks me up in Jake B.
Your shit be so-so, low pro.
On a bus before the cars show
On some old joystick shit, no mirrors
I can see behind me through the cameras
Flip plates, make the whole block go bananas
[DMX] Let's get it on!!
[Swizz Beatz] We don't give a what what!!
We don't give a what what!! (shiet)
Get it on the floor
Get it get it on the floor (WHAT?!)
Get it on the floor
Get it get it on the floor (WHAT?!)
You don't wanna party then your ass gotta go (WHAT?!)
You don't wanna party then your ass gotta go (C'MON!)
Now you can ride to this motherfucker (uh)
Bounce to this motherfucker (uh)
Freak to this motherfucker (let's get it on)
Get it on the floor (WHAT?!)
Get it get it on the floor (WHAT?!)
Get it on the floor (WHAT?!)
Get it get it on the floor (that's right)
Once again it's the darker nigga
Hit or spark a nigga, break apart a nigga
But the dog is bigger, under stress
So unless you're wanting to bless to the chest
These slugs from his liver rest REST!
Or the pump'll put a hurt on a nigga
DUMB SEX, motherfucker feeding dirt on a nigga
My hands stay dirty, cause I play dirty the mob way
You don't know? fuck it find out the hard
A nigga's job is never done
I handle my business how it come
And there's never been a one on one
Nor has there been a problem, I dissolve them
I'm like salt, lock it up
Hate to fall but never wreck his car
And it's my fault, keep niggaz on point ducking down
Niggaz like you need to get bust you fucking clown
I extort to support my peeps
And hold down the fort, never get caught cause I creeps NIGGA!
I'm at the crossroads, look but I'm not really sure which way to go
Should I play that low for what I did the other day
They on their way to float, got me striking this random
I can't stand em, fake ass niggaz want to be the Phantom
Looking over my shoulder, cause it's colder than it was
And start shorty, because I'm a little older than cuz
And the buzz from the saw, wit the chain to your brain
Will turn that BIG NIGGA to a fucking stain
That pain from the dirt makes the hurt go away for a minute
But I'm gon die by it cause I'm like knee deep in it
And you motherfuckers wonder why I start shit
Cause when you look in my face you see that hard shit
Cause I done been to hell and back I ain't wit selling crack
I'd rather rob a nigga leave him wit a shell up in his back
On the real just to show proof, hit the G.W.B.
And blow the whole roof off the toll booth bitch ass nigga!
When I crawl, leave a nigga sprawled out after I spoke em
I'll slit his throat, dick in the mud and let his blood choke em
Up north niggaz get the pick stuck up in em
And in the streets bitches get the dick stuck up in em
My M.O. is man-slaughter kid
Cause on the reals I done wet up more motherfuckers than water did
Slid, cause I got to slide when the dirt is done
A homicide but they want me on the Murder 1
But as long as I got my gun, I'm aight
Stay outta sight while it's light, and then come out at night
To make moves again, stomp and bruise again
I know I'm going to hell cause I choose to sin
All my motherfucking life I been the Devil's advocate
Now niggaz never even knew the devil had a kid
But he does and when you hear the buzz of the chainsaw
You'll know what I'll split your motherfucking brains for
Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing
Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing
You wanna start something, it's gon be somethin
You wanna start something, it's gon be somethin
Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing
Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing
You wanna start something, it's gon be somethin
You wanna start something, it's gon be somethin
Yo yo CMON!
All my niggaz all my bitches
get high get drunk get wild buck fool
you know my style get crunk
bitches bounce niggaz bounce
let me give you that funk shit blunt shit
while I make you bang it out your trunk
You cats, talk slick but walk quick when the dog hit
The dog hits coming back to the raw shit
Aww shit they done let me back out the gate
back out to tape back out to rape
Back off the chains so please back out the way
Before I blow ya back out with this fuckin AK
Don't give a fuck what a nigga say no matter who he sound like
Make sure you know what the rain is but its gonna be coming down like
cats and dogs hold up it is cats and dogs
keep fucking with the dog its gonna be cats in the morgue
twenty- two million sold lets keep it real
most y'all killers ain't even twenty- two years old
Aint never felt the cold wet behind the ears
know what real pain is cried real tears
I go hard bogard and stand my ground
Fuck y'all niggaz it's how its goin down baby
It just don't look right
Bullshit coke don't cook right
The judge ain't throwin the book right
Should thank the lord that you blew up softy
Don't talk greasy you grew up off me
I ain't letting go of the block
and if I get a good enough grip I ain't lettin go of the lock
If I happen to pinched I ain't goin to shock
I'm gonna to get aquatinted with niggaz in general pop
Stop but don't hate 'cause everybody got a lil blood to donate
Thugs'll go ape the women'll come around
shortly after that is when the jealousy sets in then they'll shut it down
It's just raspy nothin on the neck wrist ware just classy
no way I'm letting this money just get past me
When all I had to do in the first place from the beginning was get nasty
Niggaz been waitin' for that west coast shit I tell them to go fish
Blowin purple in a purple Laker jersey wit the gold kicks
bitches be like Toon you a mutha fuckin trip
Hop in the whip and lean til that mutha fucka flip
and every club in Cali crackin' its gangsta town
keep a couple of niggaz with me that'll bang you down
now lil mama put switches on and make it jump
before me you needed Lil Jon to make it crunk
naw for real come to Cali player take ya pump
my New York niggaz leave y'all wit razor bumps
now pappa raised a rolling stone I feel like pops
In the absence of Makaveli I feel like Pac
even though I got the deal I still might pop
right in front of the po-po you could feel my shots
man all my niggaz carry bangers we feel like SWAT
and that's the reason why Rialto feel like Watts
Grrrrrrr
Grrrrr
Grrr
Yeah.
To all my bitches in the spot lookin' real fly
An' all my niggas wit the corner locked gettin' high
An' all my playas world wide it's the shot or die
Getcha paper, getcha dough, getcha shit right
First off, ya'll niggas know I don't slouch
An' as a kid I done did the shit you talkin' about
I'm from the South
Ya heard
Where niggas fly birds outta Impalas
Live lavish
From ATL to Dallas an' the little palace
Goin' once, goin' twice
Everyday, livin' nice
In the grey wit the ice
Makin' money rollin' dice
Livin' the life
That ya'll dream of
Puttin' niggas outta buissiness like Sony did to Sena
You seen us
The green stuff
An nuttin' else that's all I collect
I got the hots like the Lox
Money, Power and Respect
An' I can damn the check
That any of ya'll niggas spit
I stay hittin'
I ain't bullshittin'(he ain't bullshittin')
Nigga
Wit more glitter
Than M.J.
It's all pimp play
When it comes to me
An' ya'll muthafuckas know how JD gets down
An' those who don't it's a new sheriff in town
Feel me now
Yo, let me tell you were I'm at ya'll
Shits kinda sad ya'll
If you ride the buses or trains
Watch ya back ya'll
Who think he stallin
I still ain't ballin'
An' I got wild bills
An' a crowd that keeps callin'
My dogs wanna hang(bark)
My bitches wanna bang
But it don't mean a thang
When all you got is change
That's why my women ain't dimes
Not even close to nines
Sorta like fives and sixes
Wit scars and stiches
Type of bitches that spit in yo' face like Alomar
Broke hoes without a car
snatchin' fruit from salad bars
Which one of ya'll come on, test me now
Me not goin' nowhere, you don't impress me now
So next time you see me up in them clubs
I'm probably scemin'
While you at the bar
Brick hard and fiendin'
I wait for 4 o'clock when yo' drunk ass is leavin'
Cause I paid to get in
An' now I gotta pray teethin'
Niggas goin' to parties
Thousand dollar shoes and jewels
You Begets what I be wantin' so I be bringin' the tool
Tryin' to snatch up all that ice that you came in
An' nigga D be flippin', yeah, money, it's the same shit
What you thought
Cause you bought
A joint
You might be able to creep a nigga
When he ain't on point
An' I can see it in yo' eyes that you comin' closer than tryin'
An' every step you take brings yo' ass closer to dyin'
An' I don't flow wit the dough
cause money comes and goes
Gimme the love of my thugs
Hoodrats and hoes
An' I'm good
Cause muthafucka I'm stain' in the hood
An' I'm gon' rip till I'm stiff like wood
You wishin' that you could
Keep it as real as me
An' you gon' know that the pain that you feel is me
When I get ill it be
Some next shit
Darkman
Muthafuckin X shit
Wreck shit
For respect bitch
Grrrrrrr.
Gettin down for what we stand for cause it don't stop
Once, the, Line's, crossed - BAZAAR!
I am from the ghet-to
I don't do the dis-co
I just pull my pis-tol
Take a chunk of your soul
It's me who ride up by you
Police won't recognize you
Run up right behind you
To let my ratchet squeeze
And you don't want no drama
Pistol-whip your momma
Put that bitch in trauma
You don't wanna war with MEEEEEEE!!
Gettin down for what we stand for cause it don't stop
Once, the, Line's, crossed
Gettin down for what we stand for cause it don't stop
Once, the, Line's, crossed
[Verse Two: Big Stan] + (DMX)
(Next out the gate is B.S.!)
Dog, I don't have to use the fifth to be a threat
I stand 6'3", 430, any less?
Motherfuckers want they shit split, I ain't the one to test
Understand what I'm sayin if NOT, how I figure
Nine to your tongue while I play with the trigger
Will make you understand what I say a lot quicker
Do we have an understanding? (YEAH!) My nigga
In case I be frontin know they really - DON'T WANT IT WITH MEEEE
Come comin with them hollows and heaters - TO PUT IT SIMPLYYYY
So if your team don't follow its leader - THEN COME AND GET MEEEE
But ALL you cowards better believe it - YOU COMIN WITH MEEEE!
[Verse Three: Kashmir] + (DMX)
(Next out the gate that bitch Kash!)
Dog, I'm known for gettin up in these niggaz ASS!
And they don't wanna, fuck with the bitch of this shit
Cause I position the hits
Speak with the nine, niggaz ain't ready for that shit that I spit
OH NO - get at these niggaz for SHO'
Cause once you cross the Line you already, know we get DOUGH
Dog, the quicker they slip, the quicker they ready
Holes in your Pelle, body laid up in the back of the deli
I thought, y'all already knew about me and these triggers
Get touched if you ever fuck with, me and these niggaz
The bitch is loose, got niggaz like, "Bitch you loose!"
I'm the realest bitch of them all cause I get down for what I stand for
.. YO!!
Fuck I gots to say it for? You already KNOW!
I was goin dizzy, I get busy with the FLOW!
Oh, it's like that? Aight, AIYYO!
Niggaz comin through anytime, any-WHERE!
Pop up and pop niggaz up RIGHT THERE!
Put yo' man's brains in the motherfuckin AIR!
Pop pop pop, you drop drop drop.. stoppin
Look at, what I done to you niggaz
I don't wanna be your father, TIRED of sonnin you niggaz
And I'm sick of bein bothered, I'm confrontin you niggaz
And take this and run, in a minute, I'm huntin you niggaz
Go on now!
Ruff Ryder Nigga, Volume 2
We show niggas the meaning of ryde or die
So all that bullshit you talking, go head nigga
You don't gotta slap me five or give me a hug
And it hurts when you gotta kill a nigga you love
But I'm gone deal wit my enemies sooner
Cause I got'em looking for my solo album like Kennedy Jr.
Fuck crush ice, go head and get your shine on
I'm bout to cop rocks that y'all niggas can climb on
Don't worry bout why I ain't got mine on
I want some new shit, I don't want nothing that you can tell time on
Things ain't all good right now
Cause some more niggas die an turn all you in the hood right now
Y'all can stop acting like that nigga J gone squeeze
Cause all I got is misdeameanors and some ACD's
Y'all gon make me lay something down I promise
And Puff wear scarmas and listen to Carl Thomas
Puff running and hide and we coping more guns
An we coming outside cause somebody gotta die
Go head you know we getting plenty of Dough
Go head you know we lighting plenty of dro
Go head you know we coming from Y-O
Go head truly though Go head really though
Go Head you know we hitting plenty of hos
Go head you know we ripping plenty of shows
Go head you know we coming from Y-O
Go head truly though Go head really though
Now I warned y'all niggas that Sheek was the one
Now I'm warning y'all niggas that I got my gun
Read to kill, don't worry bout no doctor bill
It ain't gone be one of those just yo casket clothes
Lox, nah you rather fuck wit the cops
Cause I pop and turn y'all like the optimum box
No paper feud, it's straight hate wit dude
So I'm hungry and let the morgue zip up your crew
you wanna hope on our dicks and go whilly yo bikes
And wear Ruff Ryder tees, motherfucker please
You a poke-a-nose nigga, want you stick to the skis
And I don't hear a nigga raps no more
So I don't bother to go in the store an cop y'all shit
Only time I cop y'all shit if Lox on it
I shoot you in yo mouth ain't no calling the cops
I want my shit back like cash flo and Elian's pop
I'm always that, I'm always this
But the floor stay nasty like hallway piss
If you here the P spitting it's a deep ass song
When I die mama bury me wit street clothes on
Cause drama be the threapy, the beef goes on
should've been speaking out of it makes it a lot
But I was fucking wit the savages, kicking the drop
Live for the money, die for my niggas, run from the law
Catch me smoking my weed or fucking your whore
Push my whip to the limit kind of hoping it flip
Throw my clip to the tip kind of hoping you flip
I feel sorry for the crackheads, but happy for myself
So I got mixed feelings about this hussling shit
I keep saying I'm gone quit after a couple of bricks
But I can't stop building and I don't pop children
But I got no problem kidnapping a bitch
I ain't gonna eat, I ain't gonna sleep
Ain't gonna breathe, til I see, what I wanna see
And what I wanna see, is you go to sleep, in the dirt
Permanently, you just being hurt, this ain't gonna work
For me, it just wouldn't be, sufficient enough
Cuz we, are just gonna be, enemies
As long as we breathe, I don't ever see, either of us
Coming to terms, where we can agree
There ain't gonna be, no reasoning, speakin? wit me
You speak on my seed, then me, no speak-a ingles
So we gonna beef, and keep on beefin?, unless
You're gonna agree, to meet with me in the flesh
And settle this face to face, and you're gonna see
A demon unleashed in me, that you've never seen
And you're gonna see, this gangster beat on himself
I see you D12, and thanks, but me need no help
Me do this one all by my lonely, I don't need fifteen of my homies
When I see you, I'm seeing you, me and you only
We never met, but best believe you gon? know me
When I'm this close, to see you exposed as phoney
Come on, bitch, show me, pick me up, throw me
Lift me up, hold me, just like you told me
You was gonna do, that's what I thought, you're pitiful
I'm rid of you, all of you, Ja, you'll get it too!
Now go to sleep bitch!
Die, motherfucker, die!
Ugh, time's up, bitch, close ya eyes
Go to sleep, bitch! (what?)
Why are you still alive?
How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes!
And go to sleep bitch! (what?)
Die motherfucker die,
bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye!
Go to sleep bitch! (what?)
Why are you still alive?
Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah...
Go to sleep bitch!
We got you niggaz, nervous
On purpose, to hurt your focus,
you'se not MC's, you'se worthless
You'se not them G's, you'se a circus,
you'se no appeal, please
You'se curtains, you use words,
cool heard, slurred in two thousand third
You'se purpin?, you'se no threat, who's ya servin?
When lyrically oughta bury you beneath the dirt when
You fuck with a label overseeing the Earth
Shady muthafucka, O. Trice's birth
And as I mold, I become a curse
So we can put down the verse, take it to the turf
Cock and squeeze,
and he who reach the hearse is he who
Depicts fiction in his verse
And as I breathe, and you be deceased
The world believe you deceived just to speak
You'se not the streets, you'se the desk
Use not your chest nigga, use a vest
Before two's choose ya rest, you chose death
Six feet deep, nigga, that's the debt
Now go to sleep bitch!
Die, motherfucker, die!
Ugh, time's up, bitch, close ya eyes
Go to sleep, bitch! (what?)
Why are you still alive?
How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes!
And go to sleep bitch! (what?)
Die motherfucker die,
bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye!
Go to sleep bitch! (what?)
Why are you still alive?
Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah...
Go to sleep bitch!
Hey dog, I'ma walk like a beast, talk like the streets
I'ma stay blazin New York wit the heat
Stalk on the beat, walk wit my feet
Understand my pain, the rain ain't sleet
Peep how I'm moving, peep where I'm going
Shit don't seep, then sleep not knowin
But I'ma keep growing, getting larger than life
Easy-going with the same one that started the fight
He be knowing how dog get, when dog gon bite
Tried to show him the dog shit, it's dog for life
Grand champ, and my Blood Line is tight
Cuz it's all good, it's all right
Niggas tried to holla, but couldn't holla back
Now they gots to swallow, everything in the sac
Blood Line, and, we can go track for track
Damn dog, why'd you have to do them niggas like that?
Now go to sleep bitch!
Die, motherfucker, die!
Ugh, time's up, bitch, close ya eyes
Go to sleep, bitch! (what?)
Why are you still alive?
How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes!
And go to sleep bitch! (what?)
Die motherfucker die,
bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye!
Go to sleep bitch! (what?)
Why are you still alive?
Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah...
Go to sleep bitch!
All you motherfuckers, take that!
Here, take this too, bitch! Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Waaaaaahoo
We're killing all you motherfuckers dead, all of you
Fake ass gangsters! No more press! No more press!
Rot, motherfuckers, rot!
Decay, in the dirt, bitch, in the motherfucking dirt!
Die nameless, bitch, die nameless! No more fame!
Ahhhhhhhhhh! Hahahaha
Yo X, come on man, Obie, let's go, gha-ha
(feat. Dyme)
Why do good girls (what what what) like bad guys
Hey yo Boo, why do (good girls) like bad guys
Knowin that bad guys tell mad lies
(And why do) dog niggaz (want a honey wit class)
(Sometimes you want more than just a honey wit ass)
Uh, uh
Hey yo, who would ever think that the two would go good
Midtown honey, nigga from the hood
But knock on wood, I got this bitch (what) excuse me
She don't like to be called a bitch, try not to lose me
The rules we go by, where I'm from, she don't know
When I say I'm goin around the way, she won't go
(Hell no) C'mon baby, you aight with me
Tryin to get you, to spend the whole night with me
(But I'm a good girl) Uhh, that's why I like her
Couldn't treat her like a hoodrat, didn't bite her
Turn a church girl to a straight Ruff Ryder
Take her to the Ramada make it an all nighter
(Oh no, I only go to the Swiss hotel)
Fuckin with me I have you in the back of the Chevelle
Like what (what) hittin it raw dogg in the butt
You was good this mornin, but tonight you a slut
Why do (good girls) like bad guys
Knowin that bad guys tell mad lies
(And why do) dog niggaz (want a honey wit class)
(Sometimes you want more than just a honey wit ass)
Hey yo Boo, why do (good girls) like bad guys
Knowin that bad guys tell mad lies
(Then why do) dog niggaz (want a honey wit class)
(Sometimes you want more than just a honey wit ass)
Hey yo Boo, I'm diggin you, cause you make me wanna do
all them things I was taught I wasn't supposed to
I'm secure, keep it tight while you on tour
(You fuckin wit a dog!) That's why I'm feelin you more
Attractive to me, wit yo' tactics
Hit it like AHHH! Make me backflip
(You been tryin to act, rich, that's why I taxed you
And I just got married) Hell, but I ain't even ask you
(I'm just tellin you, cause nowadays, bitches be flippin)
One more bitch, I'm skippin (Damn girl, stop trippin)
Cause you be actin like
(Listen, I ain't always talkin money
But I will keep you wit a smile, and walkin funny
So what's it gon' be) Yo, what you mean (What to do
You want the nigga wit the slacks, or the jeans and the boots
You wanna be safe or be laced, cause you can be replaced)
Yeah, you can be erased
(Don't get slapped, babyface)
Man, I got shorty stayin out late (Well I keep him wit a cut
and his nails stay clean) At least I get a nut
And I got honey rebellin (And I stopped him from sellin)
I be gettin away with murder, right (shit, I ain't tellin)
Straight out the hood (yeah, nigga you get mushy)
I got honey suckin dick (and I got you eatin pussy)
I can be good in a bad way (I can be bad in a good way)
Girl, you ain't the same dog (that's what them rats in the hood say
or would say, if you was around them more often)
I got honey smokin weed (it be havin me coughin)
She keep the dog on the leash (when we walk in the streets)
And if y'all think it's sweet (then the dog's off the leash
Now I don't want no drama, wit no baby's mama
I might be a good girl, but I keeps the armor)
Girl, you off the hook, but at least now I know why
Good girls like bad guys
Why do good girls (what what what) like bad guys
Why do good girls (what what what) like bad guys
Why do good girls (what what what) like bad guys
Why do good girls (what what what) like bad guys
Uhh, uhh
C'mon, yeah, I like that
C'mon, wha wha what
Yeah yeah, DMX
Dyme, baby girl
Ruff Ryder, uhh, yeah..
eyes wide, you saw me in a magazine
new sight, thinking of what might have been
thinking how your love should've been so much more strong and true
you forgot it was always me who was never loving you
and don't you give me your telephone number girl just because you smell success
i never really needed you and now i want you even less
you're just a good time a girl (just a good time girl)
you wanna climb up on my back (just a good time girl)
you heard my voice on the radio (just a good time girl)
and now you wish you'd never let me go (just a good time girl)
you're just a good time girl
late night i'm spinning in the dj box
deep house electronic music shocks
nodding up on my favorite beats while the people shout for more
i can see your smiling face as i look out on the floor
but don't you give me your telephone number girl just because you smell success
i don't mean a thing to you and you mean even less
you're just a good time a girl (just a good time girl)
you wanna climb up on my back (just a good time girl)
you heard my voice on the radio (just a good time girl)
and now you think you'll never let me go (just a good time girl)
you're just a good time girl
"hello"
"hi ed how's it going"
"oh it's you, i thought i told you to leave me alone"
so don't give me your number girl just because you smell success
you never mean a thing to me and i want you even less
you're just a good time a girl (just a good time girl)
you wanna climb up on my back (just a good time girl)
you heard my voice on the radio (just a good time girl)
you think you love me but i'll let you know (just a good time girl)
you're just a good time girl
(just a good time girl)
(just a good time girl)
you're just a good time girl
(just a good time girl)
(just a good time girl)
you're just a good time girl
(just a good time girl)
(just a good time girl)
you're just a good time girl
(just a good time girl)
(just a good time girl)
you're just a good time
Come on, huh
Come on, yo, yo, yo
Some people blond peeps, red banjies
Some are moving quickly, outta town
How they gonna find her moving swiftly?
Five steps ahead of the best so that's nothing
Twenty steps ahead of the rest they left stuck
And in they face not, what not?
I can't stand broads
Ridiculous niggas practice for the title "hard"
Me pick of the litter
I was born to bubble y'all
Born to change game shit born to stand guard
Play games you left nameless, fame hard
Promise that it's never painless
Nigga be hard
Convinced that you can take over the Eve
Eat nigga let starve
Strong as a stallion maiden
You better dart
Is she feminine with pretty women friends all dimes!
Timberlands is how I like my men and all minds
Rough ryde you niggas hard head, soft spine
Pass the word
Must have the stacks to cross lines
Come on
Don't want your dough
I don't want your car
(Uh-uh)
Don't want your jewels
No not at all
(Nope)
With them other broads
You might rule it all
(Uh-huh)
But not with me
Sorry boo I got it all
(Come on)
Don't want your dough
I don't want your car
Don't want your jewels
No not at all
(Yeah right)
With them other broads
You might rule it all
But not with me
Sorry boo I got it all
Yo a chick is a chick
A nut is a nut
And they always keep an attitude
Till you butter 'em up
Since I ain't gotta buy you stuff
Who gon' hold you down
If they try to run in here and tie you up
Now don't start flippin' it
Everybody know
We've been had dough
Y'all just start gettin' it
Money might make you grown
But you still need a dog to take you home
And make you moan
You ain't gotta see the bank for loans
All I do is party and bullshit like when Frank was home
And you got it all boo I got it all too
A four, five, and a six and they all blue
And I don't care what she think
If I offered you any ice love it'll be in the drink
And instead of talking 'bout what you got and all that
Just make sure when I hit you that you call back
Come on, uh-huh
Don't want your dough
(Uh-huh)
I don't want your car
(Yes you do)
Don't want your jewels
No not at all
(Stop lying)
With them other broads
You might rule it all
(Rule it all with you too)
But not with me
(Come on)
Sorry boo I got it all
Don't want your dough
I don't want your car
(Uh-huh, yeah right)
Don't want your jewels
No not at all
(Yeah right)
With them other broads
You might rule it all
(Rule it all with you too)
But not with me
Sorry boo I got it all
Yo, yo ay yo
One touch will make a nigga blush on site
Grown men create a crush, nails they bite
It's a game try to catch me but only if you can
It takes a lot to impress the bombshell to want a man
And it ain't about your dough baby Eve alright
Cause if Eve wanna fly away, Eve take a flight
Eve hungry for a meal baby Eve get a bite
You nice and you might get to see it daddy, tight
Yo, yo, yo
I'm glad that you got it all
That's more for me
And I ain't gotta pay for the puss I score for free
And the same thing I pulled on them
I pulled on you
Come on now how you think I pulled your crew?
Got my own crib so you can't kick me out
I'll call one of your friends to come twist me out
If you know Jada then you know what Kiss be 'bout
Just for fun I hit the bank and pull fifty out, uh ah
Don't want your dough
(Uh-huh)
I don't want your car
(Yes you do)
Don't want your jewels
No not at all
(Stop lying)
With them other broads
You might rule it all
(Rule it all with you too)
But not with me
(Come on)
Sorry boo I got it all
(Come on)
Don't want your dough
I don't want your car
(Uh-huh, yeah right)
Don't want your jewels
No not at all
(Yeah right)
With them other broads
You might rule it all
(Rule it all with you too)
But not with me
Sorry boo I got it all
Don't want your dough
(Uh-huh)
I don't want your car
(Yes you do)
Don't want your jewels
No not at all
With them other broads
You might rule it all
But not with me
Sorry boo I got it all
(Come on)
Yeah (Uh-uh)
Yeah right (Uh-huh, come on)
Uh (Uh-uh)
Stop lying!
I ain't goin back to jail
Next time, the County or the State see me it's gonna be in a bag UHH!
This is it baby!
End of the road, ha hah!
When you a dawg, you a dawg for life!
You don't hear me though, you don't hear me though
You don't hear me though, c'mon, c'mon!
Watch them young guns that take none, nobody safe from the Friday the 13th,
ghetto Jason Itchy trigger finger achin, snatch yo' ass out that S-Class for fakin, forty-fo' blast is a bloodbath
take your first step down a thug path
Ain't no love here, just slugs here Kids know the half you get plugged here,
that's just impossible for the weak to last now behold the unstoppable
Third eye watchin you, watchin me Throwin rocks from the penalty box,
cop a plea Young G we was born to die, don't cry for me
Just keep the heat closely and ride for me
Cause we family for better or worse,
you and I from the dirt, you snatch purse,
so hard it hurt to be here, and each year,
I'm pourin out more beer for deceased peers,
holdin fort
Police line 'Do Not Cross', they found his corpse
in the loft with the head cut off, and butt naked
Homicide the crime Method, add another killer verse to the murder record,
the Grand Finale
Hot corners, cops with warrants, every block is boring
Friday night, getting bent, lick a poem
My dawg, not even home a month yet,
and blaze a girl in the stomach, he robbin niggaz who pumpin
Lil' Blood got popped, by the Group Home cat
Everybody nervous in the hood, pullin they gats
Fiend yellin out, who got those Go and see shorty snot-nosed,
he don't floss but he got dough Thug faces, fugitives runnin from court cases
Slugs shootin past for the love of drug paper
Queens cap peelers, soldiers, drug dealers
And God'll throw a beam of lightning down cause he feel us
May the next one, strike me down if I'm not the realest
The Mayor wanna call the SWAT team to come and kill us but,
dawgs are friends, if one see the morgue, one'll live to get revenge,
and we ride to the end Bravehearts blow the lye with Henn, and still rise
Took alive with live men, my man got three six-to-eighteen's and only five in,
the Belly of the beast Didn't wanna hear the shit I tried to tell him on the streets
It's irrelevant, the beast love to eat black meat
And got us niggaz from the hood, hangin off his teeth
We slangin to eat, bringin the heat Bulletholes, razor scars is the pain in the street
huh
When you a dawg you a dawg for life (ride or die)
My dawgs feel pain from love (see eye to eye)
Give us one shot at life (let us fly)
Come on niggaz! (we dawgs for life)
Uhh, I've lost my grip on reality or so it would seem
Pinch myself to wake up, cause I KNOW it's a dream
Niggaz that don't know me see me and think I'ma rob em
Niggaz that know me well see me and think I'ma problem
I'm just a nigga that's misunderstood
But word to God I turn your last name to Underwood
Cause if I see it, I'ma take it and run with it, that's me
What type of bullshit is this nigga on That's D
The dawg come and getcha outside
The more blood flows, when I plug holes with the snub nosed
Gun blows, bullets whistle, wouldn't miss you
Hit you all up in your mouth like it tried to kiss you
Drama, it's right here, how MUCH YOU NEED
Beat you down with gat see how MUCH YOU BLEED
How MUCH YOU PLEAD, for your life, you was a killer
And all the bitches comin up out that ass you feelin, gettin realer
Now beg for your life, one more time, one more crime one more nine,
c'mon cry nigga It's over! This is the shit, that hits hard
You either the last one standing, or the last one to fall
f/ Ja Rule, Method Man, Nas, Vita
If ain't rough, it ain't me
Tales of the darkside, grand finale
Ready to die, cuz only I know where it's in
And if lie to dough, then it's kill in my soul
For my love and dough, don't make it no better
Mami, don't flirt wit the iron and hit 'em whoever
A nigga that flips the weather, any Rule, J-A
Fuck wit me, it's Murda, I-N-C
Feel her, nigga, feel a hole to meet
(if it ain't rough, it ain't me)
Holla at me, my real niggas, get down, ready to kill niggas
We don't touch no more, we kill niggas
Give me what it takes to throw my guns together
Fast up, hit 'em up, towards the hot beretta
You should know better, when obviously they don't
So the shit, sure to get you one in your throat
By the time, you realize that shot's the truth
It's too late, they reminiscin' over you, my Lord
Watch them young guns that take none, nobody safe from
The Friday, the 13th, ghetto Jason
Itchy trigger finger achin', snatch your ass out that S-Class for fakin'
Forty four blast, it's a bloobath, take your first step down a thug path
Ain't no love here, just slugs here, kids know the half, you get plugged here
That's just impossile, for the weak to last, now behold the unstoppable
Third eye watchin' you, watchin' me
Throwin' rocks from the penalty box, cop a plea
Young g, we was born to die, don't cry for me
Just keep the heat closely, and ride for me
Cuz we family, for better or worse, you and I
From the dirt, you snatch purse, so hard it hurt
To be here, and each year, I'm pourin' out some beer
For deceased peers, holdin' fort
Police line, do not cross, they found his corpse
In the loft, wit the head cut off, and butt naked
Homicide, the crime method, add another
Killer verse to the murder record, the grand finale
Hot corners, cops wit warrants, every block is boring
Friday night, gettin' bent, lick a poem
My dog, not even home a month yet, and blaze a girl
in the stomach, he robbin niggaz who pumpin
Lil' Blood got popped, by the Group Home cat
Everybody nervous in the hood, pullin they gats
Fiend yellin out, who got those? Go and see
shorty snot-nosed, he don't floss but he got dough
Thug faces, fugitives runnin from court cases
Slugs shootin past for the love of drug paper
Queens cap peelers, soldiers, drug dealers
And God'll throw a beam of lightning down cause he feel us
May the next one, strike me down if I'm not the realest
The Mayor wanna call the SWAT team to come and kill us
but, dogs are friends, if one see the morgue, one'll live
to get revenge, and we ride to the end
Bravehearts blow the lye with Henn, and still rise
Took alive with live men, my man got three six-to-eighteen's
and only five in, the Belly of the beast Didn't wanna hear the shit
I tried to tell him on the streets
It's irrelevant, the beast love to eat black meat
And got us niggaz from the hood, hangin off his teeth
We slangin to eat, bringin the heat
Bulletholes, razor scars is the pain in the street, huh
If it ain't rough, it aint' me
Down for dice, is what you told me
If it ain't rough, it ain't me
See, chick from the other side, grand finale
My dogs for life, call for life, now who be the job like fuck Totti
Slim weight, petite, body, down for my niggas, quick to pull a shotty
Sprayin' everybody, lacin' the whole party
Holdin' wall when my niggas hung, wit I rush
Like boys that I do know, it's me I trust
Now watch how I tie bust, guarantee I be sittin' down
Waitin' to hear up, wit the blast
Got you niggas snitchin' weed in my stash, high flow
Over the bitch who knows to stash weed
Cold for you bitches who try to oppose me
Hot Totti, same chick in Belly
Ooh, if it ain't it ain't me
Uhh, I've lost my grip on reality or so it would seem
Pinch myself to wake up, cause I KNOW it's a dream
Niggaz that don't know me see me and think I'ma rob em
Niggaz that know me well see me and think I'ma problem
I'm just a nigga that's misunderstood
But word to God I turn your last name to Underwood
Cause if I see it, I'ma take it and run with it, that's me
What type of bullshit is this nigga on? That's D
The dog come and getcha outside
The more blood flows, when I plug holes with the snub nosed
Gun blows, bullets whistle, wouldn't miss you
Hit you all up in your mouth like it tried to kiss you
Drama, it's right here, how MUCH YOU NEED?
Beat you down with gat see how MUCH YOU BLEED
How MUCH YOU PLEAD, for your life, you was a killer
And all the bitches comin up out that ass you feelin, gettin realer
Now beg for your life, one more time, one more crime
one more nine, c'mon cry nigga
It's over! This is the shit, that hits hard
You either the last one standing, or the last one to fall
grudie nigga vs a raw dog and dirty bit*hes and if i give birth im given that
sh*t to 30 bi*thes you say you know a nigga like me guess again popie i may
smile up in your face but aint your friend homie jump out the fifthhundred like
run niggas dont want it did it done it when im blunted how ever it went done i
made it happen i made it rappin in busin,cousin yeah i made it happen and
lettin of wasnt new to nigga somein to prove to a nigga cause you a fool nigga
i know your type that hype all up off that fake sh*t but cant understand why my
niggas will have to take sh*t and steal sh*t cause this is that real shit
niggas feel sh*t kill sh*t i hit you in ya head you wont feel sh*t gggrrrrr let
the dog lose on the niggas a*s find out if the niggas fast thug and a trigger
blast fu*kin snakes
to be continued
Wooh
Come on
Wooh
Uh, uh, wooh
Come on
Wooh
Uh, uh uh
Man, I hear you niggas talkin
But'choo walkin the wrong way to really mean it
I done heard it, I done seen it, don't get caught up in between it
Its a dark road you walkin on, same street that I be stalkin on
Suppose to be quiet, but you keep talkin on
Now ya mouth got you in some shit
So we gon' let everybody see your gangsta ass get smaked like a bitch
Guess I'll remind y'all niggas, I can find y'all niggas
Click click, whats up, walk up right behind y'all niggas
Once the four four hit'cha
You ain't going no where but out the door on a stretcha
Boy, I'ma get'cha
Wet y'all niggas up like a pool
'Cuz I done told you, Y'ALL GON' MAKE ME LOSE MY COOL
Yo Knock get the glock, these bitch niggas is actin
Making movies, we'll make a movie about this shit after is happened
All that yappin, that them niggas is gettin away with
Take it easy my friend, let 'em know, dog ain't to be played with
A nigga gotta take a girl with the back
I'm fuckin with the hood and I'm back
I wish you understood why I'm back
It would take a lotta pressure off my back
A nigga gotta take a girl with the back
I'm fuckin with the hood and I'm back
I wish you understood why I'm back
It would take a lotta pressure off my back
Uh, uh, uh
Most of these hard rocks turn out to be soft as wet dog shit
Talkin shit, but when the fog spits, dog they all split
Then all hit the ground around the same time
In the same frame of mind, ?thangs up in the nine?
left them bitches blind, hit 'em up from behind
Yeah, thats how you do that
And he had such a good head up on his shoulders, but I blew that
Fuck you black, you new cats don't know somethin important
You die quick fuckin with my shit, and my shits extortin
House rules, when I speak, y'all niggas listen
I drop jewels that y'all cats can't afford to keep missin
Drinkin ??? fueled by drugs
Shits about to get real outta hand dog, betta get ya man dog
Rap shit comes second, I'ma show you what a robber do
Mention ice one more time and I'm robbin you
Tie you up for a week starvin you
Beatin the shit outta you everday, cuz yo, these niggas gotta pay
Uh, uh, uh
Dog it ain't no secret 'bout how its going down once I put on the pressure
It ain't nothing but another nigga put on a stretcher
With a blanket over his face, take him to the morgue with the waste
'Cuz he was in the wrong place at the wrong time
So I gave it to him in his chest
In his throat, in his head, in his back, through his vest, YES
Ain't a whole lot to braking a nigga down fast
They call me black 'cuz thats how I'm gon' be on that ass
Y'all pussy niggas think y'all sweet
But ain't a fuckin thing going down til I eat
So can I beef? You betta while you still got teeth
'Cuz they about to get knocked out, hopped out
On that ass with a blast that'll make ya shit drop out
Popped out, through a you know what
Cuz you know why, and you know my
Motherfuckin name up in this game
And bitch, you know I
Will never be crossed flippin, but on some east coast terms
New York niggas do, fuck the perms
F/ Sean Paul, Mr Vegas
DMX
Chorus: here comes the boom (repx6)
DMX
Verse i: here comes the boom, boomin, bouncin, stalkin much walkin
Walk with the bouncin
Hit'em where it countsman
Hit'em like a mountain
Split'em have'em spittin up blood like a fountain
Look at me like that
We just might fight black
And if i, might end up in me takin your life black
I don't, go for the bullshit
Cause divin down , and time is just too important to be f^ckin around,
Chump nigga, I stomp a mud hole in your face
Muthaf^cka, rip your butthole outta place
Cock the glock to your head, let off about two in it
Yea its a dirty job but I just love doin it.
DMX
Chorus: here comes the boom (repx6)
Mr Vegas chorus:
All gangsta yout me waant fI sI yuh guns high
Nuh cyata fI nuh fassy
Cause a fassy nah try
Mek dem skins cry
Marrow haffI fly
Splash it out ina dI sky
(repx1)
Sean Paul verse ii:
Fram dI dutty know dem, dem a totta
Man a shotta
An a got alot a powa well
Juss tell me fI gwaan
Marrow fly like storm
Mek dem haffI get flatta
Mr Vegas
Seh deese are dI sweetest times
Sean Paul
Nuff punk a get murda, a only dutty cup dI dmx an die do
Mr Vegas
Enjoy the killing times
Sean Paul
Shot hotta dan peppa
Mr. cleva an mI glock it a guh talk fI mI crew
(rep mr. Vegas chorusx2)
DMX chorus:
Mr Vegas verse iii:
Wha do da claffI dey
And da bait ya
Like a scared retch wI leff dem fI laytaw
WI keep goin on an on an on fill dme body a ole juss like straina
Sean Paul verse iv:
Suh mek dem know wI have a shootin gallery
Killin is fun an wI nuh need not a salary
Full up a dI hamma suh nuhbody cyaan falla we
An wI nuh owe nuh apology, yo , well
DMX verse v:
I did more crimes
Than war crimes
More times
Than in war times
And way before time
You know its sad man
That I'm such a madman, badman
With the boom you never had man.
DMX chorus
Mr Vegas chorus
DMX chorus fade out
You know how niggaz do, when we play, how we play
IT IS NOT, A FUCKING GAME!
A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do
If it's fuck me nigga, you know how it's fuck you
I kick it to shorty to try to help him understand (uhh)
Hit him with work, cause yo, that's my little man ( uhh)
He asked a few questions bout the game and I told him ( yeah)
So when he made a bad move it was my place to scold him ( aight)
Never told him nuttin wrong, kept it fair
Didn't listen, so I might as well have been talkin to the air ( damn)
Everybody makes mistakes, a mistake is aight
But if it ain't I'm a tell you straight, time to say goodnight
Nobody likes to be played, regardless of the relationship
But shorty's fuckin up big time, I HATE THIS SHIT
I'm caught in the middle of, havin love for a lil nigga
Knowin what's expected of me as a, real nigga ( damn)
My next move is crucial, what do I do?
How do I keep it real with shorty in my crew?
Didn't want to kill him, so instead of puttin the Mac on him
I did the only thing I could do, turn my back on him ( aight?)
Chorus:
Here we go again...
Same old shit dog, just a different day
Here we go again...
You know how niggaz do, when we play, how we play
Here we go again...
A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do
Here we go again...
So if it's fuck me nigga, then you know it's fuck you
Niggaz that I fuck wit, wanna get him dead
But I'm cool with shorty's peoples, so I let him live
Under normal circumstances, he would be a marked man
But I hit him with a grand, just didn't shake his hand ( ooo)
Go about your business (uh-huh) do what you gonna do ( uh)
Be what you gon'be, I wash my hands, I'm through ( aight? )
I can forgive I just can't forget
You're on your own lil' man don't ask me for shit ( no )
If you paid attention to what I taught you then you good ( uhh )
If I see you again, GET IT, understood?
Go 'head before I change my mind cause you know you should be dead
I just wanted to say AIGHT?!!! GO 'HEAD
Instinct told me to kill him but the saviour is
I'm good nigga, plus I owed his peeps favor (mmm)
But I also knew, the decision I just made ( yeah)
Went against the rules of the game that we played ( damn)
Chorus
I should have, followed my first instinct, cause I knew
Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do
Now this nigga's fuckin with the competition ( WHAT? )
Ungrateful motherfucker, shoulda got him missin ( WHAT? )
This nigga got the nerve, to make my kindess, for a weakness
Gotsta get back on some street shit so I can creep This
Rat, when I act, take one, set him up, to take two
Get him there, take three, get him done
Wasn't hard for me to get him where I wanted him, confronted him
(barrel) BZZZZZZZZT, CLICK! There was a bullet in one of them
Feelin lucky? CLICK, looks like you are
CLICK, CLICK, CLICK, luck ain't goin too far
What you did was put on another pair of shoes
And they just happenned to be too big
What you did was stupid ( damn) real fuckin stupid ( aight)
Well shorty I gave you a chance and what did you do?
Threw it back in my fuckin face so FUCK YOU TOO *BLAM* aight?
Chorus 2X
Same old shit dog, just a different day
You know how niggaz do, when we play, how we play
IT IS NOT, A FUCKING GAME!
A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do
If it's fuck me nigga, you know it's fuck you
I kick it to shorty to try to help him understand (uhh)
Hit him with work, cause yo, that's my little man (uh-huh)
He asked a few questions bout the game and I told him (yeh)
So when he made a bad move it was my place to scold him (aight)
Never told him nuttin wrong, kept it fair
Didn't listen, so I might as well have been talkin to the air (damn)
Everybody makes mistakes, a mistake is aight
But if it ain't, I'ma tell you straight, time to say goodnight
Nobody likes to be played, regardless of the relationship
but shorty's fuckin up big time, I HATE THIS SHIT
I'm caught in the middle of, havin love for a lil nigga
knowin what's expected of me as a, real nigga (damn)
My next move is crucial, what do I do
How do I keep it real with shorty in my crew
Didn't want to kill him, so instead of puttin the Mac on him
I did the only thing I could do, turn my back on him (aight)
Here we go again..
Same old shit dog, just a different day
Here we go again..
You know how niggaz do, when we play, how we play
Here we go again..
A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do
Here we go again..
So if it's fuck me nigga, then you know it's fuck you
Niggaz that I fuck wit, wanna get him dead
But I'm cool with shorty's peoples, so I let him live
Under normal circumstances, he would be a marked man
but I hit him with a grand, just didn't shake his hand (ooh)
Go about your business (uh-huh) do what you gonna do (uh)
Be what you gon' be, I wash my hands, I'm through (aight)
I can forgive I just can't forget
You're on your own lil' man don't ask me for shit (no)
If you paid attention to what I taught you then you good (uhh)
If I see you again, GET IT, understood
Go 'head before I change my mind cause you know you should be dead
"I just wanted to say --" AIGHT!!!! GO 'HEAD!
Instinct told me to kill him but the saviour is
I'm a good nigga, plus I owed his peeps a favor (hmm)
But I also knew, the decision I just made (yeah)
went against the rules of the game that we played (damn)
I should have, followed my first instinct, cause I knew
Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do
Now this nigga's fuckin with the competition (WHAT)
Ungrateful motherfucker, shoulda got him missin (WHAT)
This nigga got the nerve, to take my kindness, for a weakness
Gotsta get back on some street shit so I can creep this
rat, when I act, take one, set him up, to take two
get him there, take three, get him done
Wasn't hard for me to get him where I wanted him, confronted him
{*barrel spins*} BZZZZZZZT, CLICK! There was a bullet in one of them
Feelin lucky CLICK, looks like you are
CLICK CLICK CLICK, luck ain't goin too far
What you did was put on another pair of shoes
and they just happened to be too big
What you did was stupid (damn) real fuckin stupid (aight)
Well shorty I gave you a chance and what did you do
Threw it back in my fuckin face so FUCK YOU TOO (BLAM) aight
Yeah
L O X nigga
It don't stop
It keep goin, and goin, and goin, and goin
Motherfuckers
You heard it from the P, you oughta know it's the truth
I get you kidnapped and raped and thrown off a roof
You could nod your head to this like it's only a rap
Cuz when these bullets hit your ass I'm like it's only a gat
I need a funeral to feel good, I'm hopin it's yours
Think you delicious, heard he got shot in the cross
Holiday Styles, bitch I broke most of the laws
Fuck with the poor, so flip to the boots, stick to the truth
Do anything it takes just to give it a slue
And missin a tooth, but both of 'em chipped, toaster is gripped
You heard about the trouble, I start most of the shit
When I squeeze aint no controllin the wrist
And niggas leave the room when the hear the P blowin his whis
I'm an ignorant and negative nigga
I sell crack, bust guns, pop shit, and say I'm better than niggas
You think not, I'll look at your man and level a nigga
If you think a rapper's better why don't you give me his name
So I can run up on him, tear him up and give you his frame
When it comes to the streets, I'm the nigga to call
Five eight and three quarters, but I'm bigger than y'all
If I left the gun home, I'ma give you the sword
I'm the devil in the flesh, I can't give you the Lord
It don't make no sense for you to pray for your life
I got my niggas in the crib, you oughta pray for your wife
[Jadakiss:] Uh huh, HOLIDAY
[Styles:] I gotta make it to heaven for goin through hell
[J:] HOLIDAY
[S:] And I don't care if I sell, y'all know what I sell
[J:] HOLIDAY
[S:] I use my left hand when I'm loadin the shells
[J:] HOLIDAY
[S:] Cuz I know it aint right, that's why I'm blowin a L
Yo, I do it all for my niggas, even rob wit a bomb
Get shot, die in his arm, and give him my last
It's a million dollar bail, I'ma get it in cash
I sell crack like it's '88, I live in the past
You know the P carry the gun, live in the mask
Tell niggas show me the money and gimme the stash
I like malibu and pineapple, fifty's of hash
Hundred's of dro, wear my clothes a week in a row
Sleep on the floor, catch me right next to the dog
I'm Holiday Styles, and that's what the weaponry for
And I probably won't blow for the fact that I'm hard
But I'm good with ten million in the back of the car
Either that or get life and lift the rack in the yard
Gettin jewels from the old timers, stashin the cards
But jail aint part of the plans
I keep weight on the scale cuz I feel I get further with grams
In my last few bars, I run through niggas like my last few cars
And crash 'em up, the boy mighta went platinum but don't gas him up
I get his length and his width and get his casket cut
I don't deal with the snakes and fakes
But I deal with the comas and wakes, I don't make mistakes
Double R now bitch you oughta know I'ma ghost
Blow up your face, blow up the coke, and blow up the smoke
"All I want is you, all I want" (Background)
What type of games is being played, how's it going down?
If it's on till it's gone, then I gots to know now
Is you wit me or what, they gon try to give me a nutt
Just honeys wanna give me the butt, wha..
I'm politicking with this chicken and wondering if I'ma creep her
Little hoodrat Bitch from 25th named Tamika
Coming through, like I do, you know
Getting my bark on
Knew she was a thug because when I met her she had a scarf on
54/11 size 7 in girls
Babyface, would look like she was 11 with curls
Girlfriend,(what?) remember me, from way back, I'm the same cat
With the wave cap the motherfucker that TNT used to blaze at
Still here, so it's all good
Oh you know my niggaz Rich and them doing they thing on 35th Ave
It's a small hood, and it's all wood, so let me get that number
Hook it up, aight
Hit you on da track later on, see wassup
Talking to shorty made me wanna do something nice
Looking at that ass made me wanna do something tonight
And I know right when I see right, shorty looking like she tight
She bite, better give a nigga the green light, we might..
"All I want is you, all I want" (Background)
What type of games is being played, how's it going down?
If it's on till it's gone, then I gots to know now
Is you wit me or what, they gon try to give me a nutt
Just honeys wanna give me the butt, wha..
(2x)
I'm lookin at shorty like what you need, what you want
Offer nothing, cuz I got you, must you front?
I see you with your baby father but it don't matter
You gave me the pussy, that ass is getting fatter
Let that nigga play daddy, make moves with me
I'da kept it more than real boo, can't lose with me
Heard he smacked you 'cuz you said my name while y'all was sexin'
Ran up on this cat, thought was me, and started flexin'
You know I ain't even with that
So he gon' have to get that just on tv
Try to creep me, what? Leave that nigga sleepy
On the strength of you, that's your kid's daddy
I ain't gon' send him on his way, put him up in that big caddy
But let him know
Never mind yo, I need you to go
Take this snow up to 150, see Joe
Get that, come back with that
We can split that, sit back
fuck, puff a L, forget that
You wit dat?
"All I want is you, all I want" (Background)
What type of games is being played, how's it going down?
If it's on till it's gone, then I gots to know now
Is you wit me or what, they gon try to give me a nutt
Just honeys wanna give me the butt, wha..
(2x)
Aiyyo this chicken got me digging her moves, 'cuz she smooth
Wanna lose, whoever she choose, it's the dues
Respect is not expected but it's given 'cuz it's real
Being neglected and all, expect it, the deal
Lie, cheat, and steal for me
Putting something in a niggaz wig if you squeal for me
Kill for me, you still with me
'Cuz we get down like what
Told you from the start, it ain't all about a nutt
I'm gon' be fair, try to be there
We gon' see then, hit me with the question boo
That answer gon' be yeah
See there, something can go wrong, it does
Love'd it, Let it go
but it came back, that's how strong it was
But you belonged to Cuz, couldn't belong to me
You had two kids by this nigga, it was wrong for me
But we gon' always be, best of friends
haha
Mad love, Boo, to the end
haha
"All I want is you, all I want" (Background)
What type of games is being played, how's it going down?
If it's on till it's gone, then I gots to know now
Is you wit me or what, they gon try to give me a nutt
Just honeys wanna give me the butt, wha..
(Repeat till fade)
Mn
Sometimes, sometimes you just know, you just know, that's all
Hook:
(I can feel it comin' in the air tonight, hold onnnn
I've been waitin for this moment for all my life
hold onnn, hold onnnnnn)
The best of y'all niggas remind me of myself when I was younger
When it was hunger that stopped the nigga from goin' under
And you wonder, why I pat you on your head, smile
Look in your eyes and thank the lord for my child
Meanwhile, somethin' I gotta show you an I hope you can take it
Gonna leave you in the desert, an I hope that you make it
Gotta put you on your ass to see what it does to you
When you stand up an see that I'm just showin' love to you
Other niggas would put a slug through you, over your ends
Caps I fucked with are real, but hey
Those are your friends
Its just what you got comin' sometimes you don't know
What you askin' for, did you ask for more?
Should the casket door swing here, it is done
An thought you was a killer, you swore you'd never run
Nigga died with his gun still up in the holster
It is comin' in the air? Yeah its getting' closer
Hook
I see life through many shades of grays and blacks
I could take that an him 'em with the blazin' tracks
When I make that you fake cats have violent dreams
Takes another dog to be able to hear my silent screams
The devil got a hold on me an he won't let go
I can feel the lord pullin' but he movin' dead slow
Let 'em know that amidst all this confusion
some of us may do the winnin'
But we all do the losin' its just who does the choosin'
Easy goin up or down what have you been provin'?
Jus that you were fuckin' ground
Bitch seen the bullshit, but never spoke on it
An I know that deep down you really don't want it
I woulda traded the chance of bein' the child with a father
Movin' talent and bein' able to survive when its harder
My balance on the high beams of life, keep my dreams in strife
That's why I hit these motherfuckin' streets at night
Come on!
Hook
There's a lotta shit that I let slide, cuz its outta my hands
Lotta niggas I let ride, but its not in my plans
An a lot of my mans is not seein' through the fog
Families by the truckload, feedin' them to the morgue
Full moon, arooooo, the howlin', errrrrrr
an growlin', shhhhhh, an prowlin'
Don't know love, can't show love
That means you gonna need more love
than on old thug, but hold up, roll up
Talkin' out the side of your mouth is
what's gonna is what's gonna let niggas know
Why you bad in your house, an they lie up to your spouse
Told her it was suicide, but you an I
Both knew the truth, for we'd never die
Listen nigga, if you scared, get a dog, but be prepared, for the mob
Cuz you dead up in the fog, an that's your head by the log
I can smell it in the air, I can tell when its there
This is hell an we both here
Can you feel it? Tell me yeah
Hook
Arf, arf
Haha
Aroo, arro
Whoo, whoo, whoooo
Uh, Ruff Ryderz, DMX, Swizz Beatz
I be, I be that dog that gots to flow
That's why, that's why baby I gots to blow
And you, and you know it's straight from the gutter
Because, because it's gettin darker than a mother
Slow down, slow down partner you movin too quick
Oh now, oh now gotcha, your crew and them sick
What now, what now nigga, you feelin this shit
But how, but how is this nigga killin this shit
Don't think, don't think that it couldn't happen again
Don't blink, don't blink cuz I put a () in your chin
Then what, then what niggas is gonna see you dead
For what, for what over some shit a bitch said
But why, but why did your life mean so liitle
I tried, I tried but you got me caught up in the middle
This is, this is what it all comes down to
I did, I did what a nigga had to do, come on
Don't worry 'bout me
Cuz I'm a be the dog that I am, you know, D
The type of nigga that y'all niggas love when you see
So y'all, don't worry bout me, ya hear me
What's up, what's up with that nigga they call D
I am, I am what niggas is tryin to be
And will, and will continue to do my thing
They love, they love all that dark shit that I bring
Know why, know why Cuz I keep it realer than you
You can't, you can't cuz of all the shit that you do
You know, you know just what I'm talkin about
You asked, you asked nothin bout runnin your mouth
A bitch, a bitch what you thought niggas couldn't tell
You flipped, you flipped after two days in a cell
Good thing, good thing I knew what was on your mind
You sing, you sing but you still gon do your time
No bail, no bail cuz they don't believe your story
Oh well, oh well guess you gon do that forty
I'm here, I'm here still gettin platinum plaques
You there, you there still tryin to watch your back
it's I Miss You... off The Great Depression...
lyrics are:
I know that my savior lives
And at the end, he will stand on this earth
My flesh may be destroyed, yet from this body, I will see God
Yes, I will see him for myself - and I long for that moment
Grandma, I really miss you and it ain't been the same
I drop a tear when I, hear yo' name
Mary Ella Holloway, why you gotta be so far away?
Used to say, "Don't worry, it's gon' be okay"
But it ain't - it's like when you left, you took the Lord witchu
Why couldn't I come when he came to get you?
Damn I really miss you - I had to say it again
I remember the time when I was like ten
Crept up in the neighbor's yard, yeah, bein hard headed
You told me I would get it - you said it!
And boy did I get it, but after you spanked me, you hugged me
Kissed me on my forehead, told me that you love me
And I saw, that it hurt you, more than it hurt me
I thought - how bad could this hurt be? I know now
That's why it's only done out of love
What I wouldn't give for one mo' hug, from grandma
Baby it's gon' be okay (she used to tell me that)
Baby it's gon' be okay (I really miss hearin)
Baby it's gon' be okay (she used to tell me that)
Baby it's gon' be okay (I really miss hearin)
What I'm about to say a couple of family members is gon' hate me
But I'ma let you know what's been goin on lately
Now you know since you left, a lot of things witcho kids done changed
Yeah Jackie's still crazy, don't know what's up with James
Ain't seen Jerry in a while, you know he walk like you
And Renee's back in jail, you know she talk like you
Riculah's doin real good now, she workin
Rhonda's still runnin around, trickin, jerkin
Buckeye's buggin, he done lost his mind
And Jarvis? Back out of jail, doin fine
Kylie? He done changed, it ain't all about self
As for my father.. well, that's somethin else
But that's my dog, he hold his grandmother down
My great grandmother, makin a lot of trips out of town
But that's a good thing, and if I could only hear you sing
once more, oh Lord, the comfort it would bring
You left behind a mother (and) eleven kids (and) eleven grandkids
And since then, two of yo' grandkids done had kids
They had a boy named Tacoma, Xavier's brother, that's right
Xavier's means you a great grandmother
I thank you for the best times of my life
I thank you for when you first met her, accepted and lovin my wife
I thank you for those Sunday dinners, they were vital
I thank you for my - life, I thank you for the bible
I thank you for the songs that you sing in the mornin
(Amazing Grace..) while I'm yawnin
I thank you for the two beatings you gave me
Cause I know somewhere along the line
the lesson I learned from the two beatings saved me
And when you died I cried like a baby, I begged the Lord to take me
Cause no one else could give me what you gave me
But life like everything comes to an end
I pray I go to heaven to see you again - amen
Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound
that saved a wretch like me
I once was lost, but now I'm found
Was blind, but now I see, yeahhh
Eve: I use to be shy and now I'm a ruff ryder
Man: the ruff ryders, the ruff ryders, ruff ryders, I'm a ruff ryder baby, wussup
Eve: nigga you can't be serious
Man: whatchu talkin about?
Eve: you not even a ruff type nigga
Man: I'm a ruff type nigga baby, you don't know ruff, I'm ruff. you talkin about ruff ryders here...
Eve: nigga, you a fuckin clown....
Man: what are you talkin bout, I'm a clown? I'm a ruff ryder baby, don't even play yourself. r-o-u-g-h-f, ruff ryder
Eve: see, you can't even spell the words ruff ryders
Man: I know what I'm talkin about
Eve: you're not a ruff ryder
Man: I'm a ruff ryder, I'm a ruff ryder
Eve: you're not a ruff ryder
Man: I am a ruff ryder
Eve: you know what you are?
Man: what?
Eve: you'z a buff ryder...
Uh
Live and learn
Life's a lesson (life is a lesson)
And I'm the teacher
Dyme enters chorus after first verse
First I'm gonna crawl, uh (crawl)
Then I'm gonna walk, uh huh (walk)
Then I'm gonna stand, uh huh (stand)
Then I'm gonna talk, uh (talk)
Then I gotta learn, what (learn)
In order to teach, (teach)
Then I gotta burn (burn)
In order to reach (reach), my niggas
Yo, I see what I see, day by day
Hopin that the Lord can, pave my way
Have I been forgotten, have I forsaken
Or maybe I'm just wrong with the moves that I've been makin
Hatin others cuz they hate me, over envy
Wanna send me, when we used to be friendly
Think I started off on top With multi platinum albums
Naw dog, I started off on the block
I just did shit to get shit
Niggas always knew I was down to hit shit
That's why I stay wit shit
Played with shit, but it wasn't a game
First time locked down, wasn't the same
A whole new world, nothin but close to steel
Niggas gettin split for real, miss a good deal
They aint call nobody, cuz don't nobody care
They got my back against the wall, fuck it I'm just here
Dog it's like this, when the fog is type thick
A nigga might flip, and a nigga bite quick
But I stay focused on what's important
Supportin my family, fuckin with my dogs and reportin
According to the man upstairs, we all got our own problems
So why the fuck you worryin about theirs
It was a long time ago, look awake, cuz he'll leave you
I hear none, speak none, see none, evil
All I can do is teach you, what I know
How I flow, how I get down, where I go
Maybe what I been through, will send you
Somewhere, other then where, dreams all out the window
I love my people, all of my people
And God gon keep me callin my people
You gots to live life to the fullest
It aint always about the size of the gun, sometimes it's the bullet
Every day we live and learn, take it step by step
And we create our own path, until there's no life left
I hold my death, off for as long as I can
Knowin my man, is plottin with the chrome in his hand
Supposed to be fam, but niggas get shady over money
My nigga, pull out the 380 over money
Crazy over money, can't do without it
I got other shit to deal with, I'm like forget about it
It's the one I don't know but must teach that comes first
Because he comes with the thirst of a nigga that tatted the worst
It's like a curse that's to be lifted, he was there but he gripped it
Got a call and he shifted, once he found out he was gifted
Gotta kick it from the heart, and I hope you got it
It was there from the start, I just hope you spot it
Cuz it's my blood on paper, my soul on paper
Words to live by will leave a hole in the paper
Let's knock it out....that's all, oh we gon' do it
(Another one of these, huh) Knock it the fuck out
(One of those joints)Put it down (okay)
But it gotta bang (I see what's goin' on here)
It has to bang! Ya Know?
Uh, uh, uh, uh
I'ma Bang! Hit the block pitchin slang
Bang! Hit the rock spit the game
Bang! Get the glock spit the flame
Do my motherfuckin thing!
I speak for the meak and the lonely (uhh), weak and the hungry (uhh)
Speak for the part of the street that keep it ugly (aight)
And niggaz couldn't wear my shoes
'Cause the places that I walk, most catz couldn't bear my dues (uhh)
Or pay the tolls of the roads I done kept on, crept on (what)
Walk 'til I got tired then curled up and slept on (whoo)
My journey has earned me the right to reach
I burned so I earned the right to teach, what to eat (c'mon)
What niggaz been gettin' fed is pork (uhh)
What you niggaz been gettin' fed, shouldn't be even on your fork
Let's talk (aight), about this, and about that (uh-huh)
Yeah, we like this or we can do it out back (aight)
Keep the bullshit for the rodeo
'Cause on the real, you cocksuckers don't know me yo
Hit you wit' something for frontin' that'll end your life
Then hit your crib and bend your wife (c'mon)
Grrrrrrrrr
It upsets me to see niggaz that's flossin too much
Wearing shit that's costin too much (uhh), how often I touch
I like to break fake niggaz (what), rape snake niggaz (what)
I take weight nigga (what), you fake hate nigga (c'mon)
And niggaz and ain't got the balls to say to my face
what you think behind my back
Suck my dick! How's about that? (aight)
Loose lifts is loose clips and crews hit
I run wit' niggaz from Israel to hijack crew ships (uhh)
Watch the news at 6 (whoo), that's how I'm gettin' down
Feds lookin for the dog, oh that nigga outta town
This is a grown-up game, thinkin 'cause you got a blown-up name (what)
You won't get a blown-up frame
I ain't playin wit' you niggaz no more, them are old
I be layin when you hit the door, you hit it cold
Be like "Oh no!", see what I'm sayin
I told Money to stop playin, now he layin, we prayin (aight)
Grrrrrrrrr
Oh my God! Yah niggaz done lost yo mind
Toss the nine (uhh), this nigga done cross the line
Disrespectful shit will get you hit, bitch (what)
Fuck who you wit', you niggaz get what you get (uhh)
Five to the spine, ride now niggaz is dying
Money pulled out he was trying, yet to slow wit the iron (uhh)
Nuttin but gun firing, blap blap blap blap
Cocksucka where it at (what)
Open up your back now I can see through your stomach
Told stupid muthafucka to stop runnin (uhh, or run in (uhh)
To a buck shot, can't duck off shot
It's that click click boom you outta luck shot (whoo)
Now don't fall to pieces on me, because the piece is on me (uh-huh)
He thought the leash was on me, but dog the streets are hungry (uh-huh)
And I'ma feed 'em everytime I sing, do my thing
Dog gon' bang, bang, bang!
Grrrrrrrrr
Whut the Fuck
Niggaz, Ya'll Ready for this
Bitches, Ya'll ready for this
Ha, alright. Let's bounce
I'm startin' to flow
You know,
That's what niggaz wit do do, yo
Red means stop, Green means go
Right now I see green
You wanna stop
Oh No
What are you anyway nigga, Friend or Foe
Don't Fuck wit me, or I-N-C
Nigga, what the fuck, are you crazy
Can't believe dat shit, tryin' act swayze
You'd be better off lazy
So shut the fuck up right now, and maybe
Murder I-N-C will show mercy
Cuz first b
We don't fuck wit' dem, uninterested niggaz
You know who I'm talkin about
Those niggaz that started to bust out
Soon as our first joint came out
Holla Holla, if I could have a Dolla
for every Nigga that hated me soon as I-N-C was on Blaze
But I don't give a fuck
I said not a flying Fuck
Ja Rule, Murder I-N-C, make ya say Whut Whut
The Murder I-N-C
Yeah Nigga
Just you and me
Fuck around
Catch bullet from me
Cause There ain't no fuckin' around
Whenever the I-N-C is in town (Dog growling, then Barking)
D-M-X, my dogs gonna bite you
Gonna fuck you up, just cause they like to
How the fuck you gonna fuck around wit' organized crime
God damn, we live what we speak in every fuckin' rhyme
Yo, Ja (What the Deal, X)
Here's a twenty, go get me a fuckin' dime
Now, back to this murder shit
Light my fuse, my teeth begin to grit
Party wit' my crew, fuck you
You ain't playin' wit no screw, or a smack
cause when I attack, I never take back
Anything bad I do or say, cause yo that shit is wack
And I just luv when you niggaz bring your whole crew
It's just sme more beef to stick you to
and Fuck You, now it's plain to see,
It ain't to smart fuckin' wit' Murder I-N-C
Dem Niggaz ain't prepared
For dis shit we prepared
got every nigga scared
cause of all the fuckin' shit that we shared
And don't none of them niggaz
wanna fuck around
We're never gonna find a common ground
Many niggaz wanna know, does murder sound like this
We're three Hip-Hop Philanthrapists
but, we don't give no muney, we don't give a fuck so...
When the light is green
It's time to go
I don't care who you know
You still payin' full price, to our show
Fuck no, I won't give 'em to you free or with a discount yo
Cuz
You ain't gettin' nada from us
Cause niggaz always get a lotta money from us
That ain't the thug way
Nigga, don't try and play
Hold the fuck up, are you gay
No
Well anyway
It's time to say
final goodbyes
and one more thing, this shit I just rapped about
and none of it are lies
Next step is to come in, fuck your boo
when I'm through
all she'll be able to say is Jigga Whut Jigga Who
and ask her who her man is
she'll tell you
She'll put her finga on the trigga
pull and yell Jigga my Nigga
RUFF RYDERS!! YOU KNOW!! {*explosion*}
(Here we go again, baby) Here we go again; fuckin right!
Dark Man X baby, dog for life, for life, for life...
"When I say D, M; y'all say X!"
"D, M!" (Crowd: X!)
"D, M!" (Crowd: X!)
"When I say D, M; y'all say X!"
"D, M!" (Crowd: X!)
"D, M!" (Crowd: X!)
"When I say D, M; y'all say X!"
"D, M!" (Crowd: X!)
"D, M!" (Crowd: X!)
"When I say D, M; y'all say X!"
"D, M!" (Crowd: X!)
"D, M!" (Crowd: X!)
I don't fuck with what you sayin 'cause your raps weak
I take the back streets of New York, and run a track meet
To form life from a rap sheet
See that be the flow that's crushin 'em on the L
Jumpin on they fuckin shit, bustin 'em 'til they swell
Then tell, your mother, next time she see her son is never
And I be on yo' dick, if my name was "No Pussy".. ever
Like "The Hulk," but they can't fix me
"Doom, doom, doom, doom, doom," and sly like Bill Bixby
This should be havin niggaz in the emergency
Undergoing surgery, wanting to murder me
When you go, you know you heard of me
And yo' last thought is what you did wasn't worth ya life
It's what yo' ass bought
Caught up in some shit, and I had to let you feel this steel
They found his faggot ass slumped over the steering wheel
You still feeling real? Naw nigga you looking tired
Gone on to sleep baby, 'cause yo' shit is just expired
"When I say D, M; y'all say X!"
"D, M!" (Crowd: X!)
"D, M!" (Crowd: X!)
"When I say D, M; y'all say X!"
"D, M!" (Crowd: X!)
"D, M!" (Crowd: X!)
Love my niggaz, but where's my bitches?
I love my niggaz, but where's my bitches?
Love my niggaz, but where's my bitches?
I love my niggaz, but where's my bitches?
Chorus: DMX
It's all good, it's alright
Fuck all day, fuck all night
Call my bitches, cause wherever I go, y'all my bitches
East to the West coast, all my bitches
Yo
Chickens is good for pluckin so I'm stickin bitches fuckin
Got em trickin while they suckin, give em dick and they be BUGGIN
I've done it all - from mackin two hoes on a three-way
Dominican hoes on B-way, country hoes in V-A
And they all say the same about my game it's tight
That's why every night a different group of bitches start a fight
over some dick that they don't even own
All I'm givin them is the bone
Blowin up a niggaz phone, but ain't nobody home (damn)
I'm in the zone, tryin to do things
Let's turn this into a crew thing -- whassup girlfriend, you game?
Don't wonder why when I leave at night
It's because I thieve at night
I'm leavin bitches not breathin right
I fuck they head up with some slick shit
Hit em off with some long dick shit
Make it some quick shit, but rip shit
Then I'm out, just like the trash on a Thursday
Knowin she'd be givin up the ass on the first date
Chorus 2X
Flocks of bitches by the dozens, from sisters to cousins
Got em doin shit they said they wasn't ever gonna do
Like knowin I'd fuck the bitch that she was close to
Still gave up the ass and dough, she was supposed to (what?)
Pictures of bitches and flicks of chicks
Videos with the baddest hoes, suckin dick
It's the dog in me, that makes me do wrong
And honies can't help but get strung (why?)
Cause the game is too strong (okay)
I like em greedy, black like Edi
Eyes beady, willin to give to the needy
I done ran through em all, from around the way bitches
to them outta state hoes, and even hittin gay bitches
All I tell em is, 'Let me get that,' then it's on
Knock her motherfuckin boots, and then I'm gone
I got the white bitches sayin, 'It's a black thing!'
Cause I leave that hoe with no dough and plenty of back pain
Chorus 2X
Bitches who get props, cause they know who can get got
And they can get shot, by the way a niggaz lip drop
Walk up in the spot, knowin what she want strictly
When hon wants the dickly, hon comes and gets me
Hits me, pays me, doesn't get crazy
Knows to be Swayze, cause that's daddy's baby
I keep them hoes in check, like the government
Hittin em off with nuttin BUT THE DICK, and they lovin it!
Huggin it, like it's they best friend, cause it is
Word to Miz, fuckin with tricks is just biz
I deal with strictly dimes
Got em committin they first crimes
Now she suckin dick, for the first time
And ain't no secret, bout how I freak it, when they sleep
didn't never know how I peeped it, then creeped it
That's how I know this must be that shit
I tell them bitches, 'I'll be back,' and they believe that shit!
Chorus 4X
I love my niggaz, but where's my bitches? (4X)
Nigga..
Oh yeah
[1] - I've been waiting
Spent nights out chasing
For your love
But it's going down tonight
It's going down
I've been waiting
Spent nights out chasing
For your love
But it's going down tonight
It's going down
What did you think you would do?
What did you think you'd say?
After I told you how I was feeling
Never thought I'd see this day
I always kept dreaming
Never let failure hurt my heart
I knew that soon you'd see better
All I could do is hope and pray
[2] - Is there a chance?
Or a possibility?
That I can get close to you
I wanna get romantic with you
Do all the things lovers do
Finally all the things I've done
To get the chance to be with you
I guess it was sure enough worth the wait
Tonight I'll be wrapped up in your arms
I always kept wishing
I always kept praying
Good things come to those who wait
That's what mama always said
Baby that phrase stuck in my head
There's nothing I won't do to please you
Given the chance
I'll do you right
Even inside I have to know
Ooh, oh yeah
Oh yeah
Hey baby, ooh
Oh yeah, ryde or die
Walk on by
Oh yeah, hey, hey, hey
URRRRRRR
Uh huh
Y'all motherfuckers ready or what
Is y'all motherfuckers ready or what
I don't think you are
I don't think so!
They got my back against the building
I'm the villian that's creeping around corners
Like shorty you see them niggas reaping around, warn us
Unless he coming through, gunning through, running through
So be careful what you do
See them slugs might come to you
As long as I can remeber, the streets have kept me safe
And ever since that time in December, the heat's been in my waist
I need an extra set of eyes so I keep my dogs with me
Doctor says let them die till this fucking dog bit me
I don't know whats wrong with me
But it seems like since you heard of us
Y'all niggas been wanting to murder us
() the third of us
Still against me
And wanting to see me in the box
Grilling me all crazy when you see me in the locks
Leave you dead (red) like fox
Ain't nothing funny about that
I see you in a coma, ain't coming up out that
You hold on for too long and they ain't pulling the plug for you
I'll run up in the joint myself and bust another slug for you
It's murda
It's murda motherfuckers
I take a squat then post up with the toast up
I bring beef to a closure
Know somethin
()
I'm loathesome
I scream out fuck the world then I throw something
Niggas scheming hard but fuck it, it's the god
I leave bullets lodged leave you leaning on your broad
And our punks leave you gagged up in your car
Slumping Kennedy-style with your memory out
What the fuck y'all want
Daddio with the calico
Let the gaty blow leave you bleeding on your patio
I leave rivals on their backs looking up at the sky blue
Not only do I leave you I hide you
I before you
X and Ja-Rule
Death before the (sauna) now and prior to
Boss man spy on you
Conspire you
Me die before you
You liar, you
Niggas is dead off the hits I improve
Fuck it, I got the feds who ain't buy it to
Y'all niggas don't listen
When the streets are in prison
When we find them we twist them
They fucking up missing
Y'all don't understand we want y'all all to hate it
It's murda
Murder incorporated
It's murda
In crime we all related
It's murda
See if y'all can fake it
I'ma murderer and murdering anything that moves
Through ya nine niggas
Straight do or die niggas
Caught up and fall victim to the worst shit
X, Jigga, and Ja as expected
Shot on the world and reflect it
Niggas don't respect it
So get it the worst way
Fuck with the wolves you get hunted like prey
Shot up in broad day
Now everybody want you
I'm feeling like: stupid didn't the inc. warn you the first time
It's murda
Whenever you see blood
It's murda
Lay you down for the love
That's us
Leave the lights on
Knife through your windpipe
Cause most of your niggas ain't cut right
You thinking it's alright
But it ain't
I'm paralyzing clowns up and down from the waist
Giving niggas facelifts and taking it
While making you bleed
And if I got a taste of the shit I'm taking more than you need
It's nothing but love between me, you, and these slugs
Hit him up wrap his body up in () rug
Who holding the heat
Who leaving niggas cold in the street
Y'all know me, ya (), Ja-Rule the O.G.
Niggas better watch me closely
Get a grip, it's hennessy that fuels all that murdery shit
When I look in the mirror my reflection is killer
Jigga, X, Ja niggas
It's murda
Ugh Dmx
Clueminati
Is ya'll motherfuckers ready for the Ruff Ride!
Grrrrr!
When I speak I'm understood, my decision is wood
See what I'm able to see, (ugh) cuz my vision is good
It's like I see through the eyes of a wise old man
So I chill, and when I can kill this guy's whole fam
Something better to be thought dumb and remain silent
Then to open your mouth and remove () cuz if it came violent
See I'm gonna give it to you straight, so you don't ask anymore
You don't really want what you asking me for
It's a war (ugh), when it's on it's on, when I'm long (what)
Till I'm gone and I ain't got long
But while I'm here, (ugh) ya'll niggaz gonna burn
Be () after this money (what) and ya'll niggaz gonna learn
All this fucking weak you've been talking about that driveby
And they did nothing but driveby's
Listen shorty I'm telling you this for your own good
(Uhh) Everybody is the man in they own hood, for real
Yeah cuz if it's on it's on
Bitch niggas keep frontin' then your ass is gone!!
I always keep my enemies the closest (uhh)
Always make sure I know where the toast is (uhh)
Always cover my tracks when I creep
Always get away when I'm done to relax to D
I always know the rules of the game before I play
And always keep enough dough to know I'm good for the day
Always walk my dogs off the leash and
Always get my thoughts off the streets and
Always will ever lend a hand in borrow
And always no matter what plan for tomorrow
I always pay my respects to the dead
I always take at least one blunt to the head
Now always know -- (cut off) is gonna end up getting fucked
And always know-- (cut off) is gonna end up getting stuck!
I'm always strapped; I'm always cracked
I've always rapped; it's always that
Always black
Never try to knock off rock on the block that ain't yours
Never take a man's life cuz you hate yours
Never become so involved with something that it blinds you
Never forget where you from someone who reminds you
Never take for granted what's been given as a gift
And if I sleep on -- (cut off) left that nigga stiff
Never turn your back on -- you don't trust
Never turn your gat on -- and don't bust
Never expect to give away with cent -- more than twice
Never forget you could get it too for a price
Never bring a two and -- if you scared to die
Never gonna do it -- if you scared to drive
Never gonna be another day it gets dark
Never get it -- here for the heart
Never say never, cuz I never thought, this never thought never
Ever caught better, getting cheddar, with doing better, Dmx!
Uhh Dmx
Clueminati
9-8
Ruff Ryder's
Motherfucker
Ya'll niggaz don't know, how it's gonna go, For real (uhh!)
It's Dark & Hell is Hot
Y-O Motherfucker
School Street
Home of the Brave we all here baby
Mundo! Telemundo!
What!
Jay-Z
Roc-a-fella, Ruff Ryders. Swizz Beats, It's almost over ya'll, Jigga Uh, uh, uh, uh, Lights out niggas!!! (Women Singing)
Jay-Z: (Jigga) What's my mother fucking name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rolling with huh?
(My Niggas) uh-huh-huh-uh-huh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right
(Jigga) What's my mother fucking name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rolling with huh?
(My Niggas) uh-huh-huh-uh-huh Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right
Verse 1:
Sold the crack when I was down in AC
Back on the block Jay-Z mother fucker from the, the, the Roc
Went solo on that ass but it's still the same
Brooklyn be the place where I serve them thangs
Be my niggas was struggling, to the 'burbs they came
And then we got to hustling, mudering thangs
I dipped in my stash, splurged on a chain
Now I'm Titianic, Iceberg's the name
Leave players on injured reserve, hurt the game
The best way to describe me in the word, insane
I dick down chicks all emerged in my fame
Jigga been dope since Slick Rick's first chain
The God, send you back to the earth from which you came
I'm baking soda, waterfire, merged with 'cane
Ladies don't know me said "I heard he's vain"
Well guess what mommies? I heard the same,
You heard the name
Chorus:
(Jigga) What's my mother fucking name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rolling with huh?
(My Niggas) uh-huh-huh-uh-huh Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right Who?
(Jigga) What's my mother fucking name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rolling with huh?
(My Niggas) uh-huh-huh-uh-huh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right
Verse 2:
Got a license to kill so I stay the gat
Roc-a-fella, Ruff Ryders, nigga scared a that
Got a new motto this year, Don't Fuck With My Ones
Knock on your door, three in the morning, "It's just us and our guns!"
See I scrambled with priests, hustle with nuns
got the mind capacity of a young Butch Cassidy
Niggas get fly, let 'em defy gravity
Four-five rapidly lift your chest cavity
Streets won't let me chill
Always been a clumsy nigga, don't let me spill
Mother fuckers wanna wet me still,
I remain ya'll Raw, the one, like five divided by four
Shit, this just the hate that's been provided by ya'll
Reciprocated and multiplied by more
You likely to see Jigga in a Wide Body or
Drop-top Bently is all, Holla at me ya'll
Chorus:
(Jigga) What's my mother fucking name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rolling with huh?
(My Niggas) uh-huh-huh-uh-huh Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right Who?
(Jigga) What's my mother fucking name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rolling with huh?
(My Niggas) uh-huh-huh-uh-huh Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right
Verse 3:
I don't give a fuck if I sold one or one million, but I think you should
Cause if I only sold one, then out comes the hood
The all black, in the gloves, the outcome ain't good
Them niggas act like wolves, how come? They could
Cause we don't drop hits, we drop bombs that smash
Till the wrists is lit up, the arm looks like glass
The necklace chipped up, the charm it flash
Could fuck up your eyes like the bombest hash
See the reason why chicks let me palm they ass
All I gotta do is let 'em call me Shawn de'Glass
Let me sit up in they whip till I launch it back
Snap they neck, then shoot 'em till they aren't sent back
The calmest cat, trust me when I palm this gat
Kill your mind, body and soul, push your conscience back
Monster's back, and Flex drop a bomb to that
And everybody sing-a-long to the track, Come on
Chorus:
(Jigga) What's my mother fucking name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rolling with huh?
(My Niggas) uh-huh-huh-uh-huh Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right Who?
(Jigga) What's my mother fucking name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rolling with huh?
(My Niggas) uh-huh-huh-uh-huh Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right Who?
(Jigga) What's my mother fucking name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rolling with huh?
(My Niggas) uh-huh-huh-uh-huh Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right Who?
(Jigga) What's my mother fucking name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rolling with huh?
(My Niggas) uh-huh-huh-uh-huh Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right
Chorus(2x):
What y'all want me to do
Keep your shit the hardest
It's about to go down
Niggaz is ready to start this war that's for sure
Nigga come and get it
Ride and die why
Cause my niggaz is wit it
I want Monopoly money but I ain't even half way there
Do a dirt and a nigga gotta take the backway there
What it is is the biz and its dirty
You'll get rich but life expectancy is about thirty
Take the business to the hallways, driving up for four days
On parole with warrants that'll send me back the raw way
If I get caught across Jersey state lines
Figure this 98 and I been runnin since 89
So that's like 9 years delinquent time
You speakin crime than you know
9 years you owe it's not 9 years you gonna go
No probation or parole more time doin nothin
They roam to yard writin rhymes an frontin
Carry niggaz greasy because I'm built like that
Burry niggaz easy cause they get kilt like that
If you ain't in it wit me than you in my way
But either or you will respect mine
And leave tech 9 and leave it for dude
The realest you gonna feel is when you face your death
Sorry I didn't know nigga don't even waste your breath
Coppin pleas not D why you flippin
Nigga know the only thing I'm really scared of is slippin
Letin a nigga catch you when I got my gaurd down
So I keep em up
Noddin of with one eye open
I can it freak but theres a time when i'm close 'em both
Lead poisonin i'm a get hit with an overdose
So I don't drug thing crud thangs
Think I don't know a slug stains, or blood blaze
Raw gun playin drama
Sadness to another niggaz momma
I'm a be the the one that puts you up inside the trauma
These are troublesome times
And the crime prevails
And the dark side keeps a niggaz ass in jail
Bada-boom-bada-bing some of this and some of that
Gotta boogie for a minute but you know i'm coming back
Chorus(2x)
Try to show niggaz but I can only hope they see
You a little nigga fit right up in a 6 by 3
Layin' up like this
Lips sewn shut eyes closed
Niggas walk past the casket damn shorty nice pose
You was ballin nigga till your ass got balled out
Called out by some disrespectful ass niggas that go all out
I bet you thought it was real funny
Until it had to get cruddy
Me walkin off leavnin you with all this bloody
What he gonna do when it's all over for real
And the last thing you see is that steel
A blast of light that's what he seein' if you blast him right
Hit him in the face and hear that closed casket tight
Get it right it aint nothin but endin it to a nigga
Street sweeper like ahhhh!
Sendin it to a nigga
When you in the house you play by house
2 words you'll never here again are house lose
And that's house choose it aint gonna be that
Cause I can't see that
Ready to get in them niggaz ass real good so where the weed at
Believe that you aint going to see nothin to familiar
I would tell you what to do but than I'd have to kill you
And it ain't even worth it I ain't goin to build nothin
So I'm just gonna let you go be that same nigga
still frontin laughin and shit
Like you see somethin funny but you say sound good
let me see somethin money
For real
(Go nigga, go nigga, go nigga, go nigga nigga)
Chorus(4x)
AHH!!
They tryin-they comin' for my head po (uh)
They're tryin' to put pressure on a nigga
Huh, short notice (uh-huh)
Got sumpin' for them niggaz though (uh-huh)
Yo
I'm like the Dow Jones of rap, my stocks is high
And it never was all of, so stop the lies
Mothafuckas'll blow your brains out, and watch you bleed
The same niggaz that you trust, let 'em watch your seed
You got a dead niggaz, money don't stop the greed
That's why now I gotta rock my vest, pop my 3
And whoever die first, may god forgive
the nigga who lives, sometimes you gotta handle your biz
To my niggaz when I die, keep inhalin' the lye
And come to my wake high, when your tellin' me bye
What goes around comes around, am I comin' or goin'?
All i'm tryin' to do is leave you numb, gunnin' or flowin'
I might cock-back the gauge, and start shootin' at 'cha people
I'm lookin for the devil 'cuz money's the root of evil
And 'Kiss won't be happy 'til my bezel look see-thru
Until I flood N-Y with pediquo and diesle
Catch me with the top, off my whip
Bust my gun while it's still tucked so you could hop, off my dick
I run with a few parolees, all thieves, that rocks ice
Blue pacholies and rolies
At the mob meetin', keep quite when the God speakin'
Squeeze my joint, 'til my mothafuckin' palm squeakin'
And nevermind who the lox'll sign to (that's right)
What difference do it make nigga?
Just listen to the tape nigga (c'mon)
Jay to the mmwwaa, hustle coke, ryde or die (uh)
Kiss hand-wash money, let it drip dry (uh-huh)
Jay to the mmwwaa, keep cowards on their toes (yeah)
Kiss push the drop, rock the ice, get the hoes (uh)
Jay to the mmwwaa got the smash on the block (uh-huh)
Kiss got the label's tellin' niggaz not to drop (tell 'em)
Everthing you get (uh-huh), you really don't expect (naw)
'Cuz when you Jay to the mmwwaa, you kiss to the death
Yeah, Yo, Yo
I wanna know, is the promise land heaven or hell?
'Cuz the niggaz that made promises, most of them fell
If you hungry, then I got some niggaz servin' the shells
With no sauce, and they silver, only take one to kill you
It's a small world, so you better guard your secrets
And it's easy to get money, but it's hard to keep it
Never was the one that like to hound no bitch
All I do is try to keep niggaz around me rich
Screw all-a-y'all cowards, I consider you lames
Had to save my lunch money just to get in the game
That was back when I used-ta have a mean back-spin
And no mack-10, it was just bats then
U know, beat a nigga down, take his rope
Now we-a, heat a nigga down, take his coke
And you can call me if you wanna bye them thangs
I get 'em half-price 'cuz papi know my name
Call me, Jay to the mmwwaa
And everything you got in your livin room, I got in my car
'Cept for the bar
I try to put a little money away
'Cuz you know they say, tommorrow ain't promised today
Either bubblin' or strugglin', nuttin between
Or have a grimie nigga like me, fuckin' ya Queen
And the Kiss only do shit with niggaz I know (that's right)
And the outside nigga can't fuck up my flow (c'mon)
Jay to the mmwwaa, hustle coke, ryde or die
Kiss hand-wash money, let it drip dry
Jay to the mmwwaa, keep cowards on their toes
Kiss push the drop, rock the ice, get the hoes
Jay to the mmwwaa got the smash on the block
Kiss got the label's tellin' niggaz not to drop
Everthing you get, you really don't expect
'Cuz when you Jay to the mmwwaa, you kiss to the death
Uh
ask me if I cry
I'll tell you why I can
come on!
I'm gonna go hard
whether I'm right or wrong
till the dead and gone
it's on!
what ya'll really want?!
bring it on
I'ma let life be my song
How I live is simple
walk through the streets
talk to the beats
New York! I'ma eat
I never had a problem with surviving
no problem with getting down, busting my guns, or ruff rydin'
cats talk slick but I talk slicker
my shits for real cause I'm that nigga
the reason that you hurtin' is you gotta take your problems
straight to the lord, no body else can solve them(?)
see what I see but look through my eyes
the devil is a liar the truth never lies
we all got issues
shit that we go thru
shit that we been thru
shit that we wont do
the pain that we bring upon ourself
for no reason, is the worst!
that's why I say I'm blessed with the curse
the Lord gave it all to me
and in the process, I lost my soul
damn! the devil got a hold
in my mind, I'm like a little boy
lost in crime
like the healthy nigga that the devil forced into dying
the lord knows I'm trying
but at the same time
you hear the nigga with the weight of the world!
why you gave it to Earl?
to live is to suffer
and i'm living it up
face everyday chin up
I ain't giving it up
cause if I aint giving a fuck
the who will?!
so I hope for the best
knowing that its all uphill
sometimes I wonder what's lifes about
sometimes I wonder why I take the wrong route
then turn around and go out
and no doubt, the fate in mine is blind
so whatever, fuck it, I'ma roll out
we all go through the motions
we get different notions
we each have our own ocean
that we can either drown or float
like the vessels that we are
vessels that would carry many far
dont know what to say, when you talking
dont know who you gone see, when you walking
if you dont know how much of what you do is dirt
3 things you dont know gonna get you hurt!
Nigga!
Yo ill will, ruff ryders
what what, sraight like that
You a killer or a hustler, dealer or customer
Gangsta or buster, youngster or old nigga
A weed head, a coke sniffer
You rich or a broke nigga
Know you all relate to this shit that i wrote niggas
Lots of my mans trapped up in a max
Penatentary, sending me letters i answer back
That eventually, we all be bentley'ed out
Throwing campaigns, fuck it I'm running for White House
My niggas control Senate, pipe seats jeeps tinted
Mad Lewinsky chicks, some kinky shit
Did dirt now I knew it would come back one day
So I'm on point, scrap, prepare for gunplay
Stared at one face, thought it was beef he looked familiar
Ready to blast ,nigga gave me daps said I feel ya
Can't believe how my life changed
From the hood, the first time in my life I can say i did the right thing
Life is what you make it nigga, I'ma make it
No matter what it takes my nigga, we gonna take it (uh)
uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
Everyday shit, around the way shit got me stressed (what)
So i keep on the vest in case a nigga wanna test (uh)
I got no time for games cause I'm all grown up
You wanna joke nigga laugh when you get blown up (come on)
See how funny it is when your kids aint got no father
Cause you played it sweet now you floating in the harbor (for real)
Shit is hectic so respect it for your health (what)
Didn't think it was right, you should've checked it yourself (come on)
Life is too short to get caught up in some dumb shit
Wake up one day, 40 years old on some bumb shit
Time flew by, you was too fly to see the light
Everyday it's getting darker then comes the night
Now what (what) realize that you ain't got shit (uh)
Not long ago you was the man on some hot shit
So just peep the flow yo, cause you already in this
Make sure your shit is right kid and handke your business (uh huh)
Make history before you go
Fuck the misery, you po we gettin doe
Except the dollars other reasons why I'm living yo (why)
Time is viable
Low and behold the young, black, and powerful
Got to eat yo, everyday my daughters feet grow
You wack and cheap with the doe, my heat could blow
Payin doctors when I'm born, a preacher when I'm buried
That's why cash is needed for my kids to inherit
Gotta pay just for living, tax life is a b'ness (business)
If you catch a bad deal, watch your life deminish
Deals made by God and the Devil, and we in it
Pawns in the game, can't complain or say shit
Just strap up and hold on, hope for the best
prepare for the worse, no fears no nothing on earth
No tears if I'm dumped in a hearse, I won't be the first
Nor the last nigga, let's get this cash nigga
luv my niggaz but wheres my bitches X4
Chorus
its all good,
its allright,
fuck all day fuck all night,
call my bitches cuz wherever i go,
yall my bitches east to the west coast all my bitches
Yo chickens is good for tha pluckin,
so im stickin bitches fuckin,
got em trickin while they suckin,
give em dick and they be buggin,
ive done it all to mackin 2 hoez on tha three way,
dominican hoz on leyway,
country hoez an v8,
and they all say the same about my game iz tight,
das why every night a different coupe of bitches start a fight,
over some dick that they dont even own,
all im givin em iz de bone,
blowin up da niggaz phone but aint nobody home,
im in tha zone tryin to do thangz but it turnz into a tru thang,
wassup gurlfriend u game?
dont wonder when i leavein thangz,
because i deal wit thangz,
im leavin bitchez not breathin rite,
i fuck they head up wit sum slick shit,
hit em off wit sum long dick shit,
make it sum quick shit but rip shit,
then im out its like the trash on a thursday,
knowin she be givin out tha ass on tha first day,
Chorus X 2
Flocks bitches by the dozen,
frum sistahs to cuzinz,
got em doin shit they say they wuzzint,
their gonna do it knowin i fuck tha bitch that she waz supposed to,
still gave up the ass and doe she said she was supposed to,
pitches of bitches in flicks and chicks,
they own the baddest hoz,
suckin dick,
its the dawg in me that makes me do wrong,
an hunnies cant help but get strung,
cuz the game iz too strong,
i like em greedy,
black like eadie,
eyes beady,
willin to give to tha needy,
an i ran thru em all from around the way bitches,
outta state hoz, an gettin bitch ritchez,
all i tell em iz lemme get dat,
den itz on,
knock da mutha fucka,
poof,
den im gone,
i got da white bitches tellin me "itza black thang",
couldnt lay dat ho witout plenty of doe and plently of back pain,
Chorus X2
bitches who get props,
cuz they kno who can get caught,
cuz they can get they shot,
bout the way a niggaz head drop,
walk up in the spot kno wut she want strickly,
when hun wants the dickly,
hun comes and gets me,
hitz me,
layz me,
doesnt get crazy,
knows to be swazy, cuz das daddys baby,
i keep dem hoz in check like the goverment,
hitten em off wit nuttin but tha dick,
and they luvin it,
huggin it,
like it the best friend cuz it iz,
word to mizz,
fuckin wit trickz iz jus bizz,
i deal wit strictly dimez,
got em committin their first crime,
cause shes suckin dick for the first time,
an aint no secret,
bout how i freak it,
when i sweeped it,
never knew how i peeped,
it and creeped it,
das how i kno dat dis mus be dat shit,
i be tellin bitches i be back,
an they believe dat shit,
Chorus X 2
i luv my niggas but wheres my bitches X4
Grrrrrrrrrrrrr..
mm..
I gots to make a move and make it soon, uhh
I gots to take a block and make it boom (BOOM)
I take the car and hit it with this boom
Now come on, let's get that money!
It's two o'clock and I'm just about to hit the street
Til I knock off this rock I don't get to eat
Sometimes that's like that's the only reason why I hustle
Step on toes, strongarm and show a lil' muscle
Ain't no real dough, that's why a nigga feel so frustrated
I hate it, seein crab niggaz that made it
And I'm robbin cats just as broke as myself
Livin foul and ain't lookin out for my health, where's the wealth
Not in New York, cause niggaz talk about goin out of state
Money got an eighth, comin back, hot with a lot of weight
Where's my plate nigga I'm hungry too
So I'ma do like hungry do, and get a hungry crew
Niggaz that ain't never had, and doin bad
Won't be bad to get up off that stoop lookin sad
Grab your bags, it's about to go down
We goin to this hicktown, let's get the lowdown, on how they get down
I gots to make a move and make it soon
Gots to take a block and make it boom
we comin through so make some room
Found somethin that could be somethin if I pump it up
This kid Black is the only thing that could fuck it up
The purple top thirty-five smalls a ring of games
but I'ma crush him with the black 40 double-L's
I send two niggaz back up top, and come back
we chop up rock, by midnight, we open up shop
It's four in the mornin, we on the block creepin
Killin the cash, while yo' ass is sleepin
Look here, I'm what they call a true hustler
cause nigga if I ain't know you since I was like six
then I don't trust ya
And we'll bust ya over somethin petty like a few dollars
Put somethin hot up in that ass and watch you holla ("Ahhhhh!")
You think I'm here for the hoe flow I want the dough flow
and fuck the po'-po', nigga keep a fo'-fo'
I spend my money on niggaz cause niggaz get me rich
and a bitch ain't doin shit but suckin my dick
Niggaz is family now, and we stand strong
Thirty niggaz on six blocks, makin the cash long
Shit is good, because niggaz gettin what they been wantin
and we see the same shit, other New York niggaz frontin
Stick up kids huntin, but I ain't got no love for em
I keep the burner and the duster with the glove for em
Them motherfuckin knockers come at us and chop us
and I know they, really tryin to stop us and wanna drop us
So we pump, from the alley and the last house we use as a cash house
It's holdin em strong, it's a stash house
I got runners that work for twelve hour shifts
and when them niggaz keep they count correct, I don't riff
But I ain't tryin to hear that nigga took your pack shit
Ain't tryin to hear jack shit, fuck the black bitch
I ain't a greedy nigga, all I want is a five year run
If I don't make it, then fuck it, let me die near a gun
Got bitches to transport without an escort
I'm makin moves from D.C. up to Westport
Local police ain't a problem cause they don't even stress us
It be them ATF niggaz that have you under pressure
Just so you know, ain't gon' never put my glock down (why nigga)
Cause I'm a hustlin motherfucker, and I'm holdin my block down
By Any Means- Mashonda feat. Wyclef
Oooh ahhhh oohhh ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
chorus : By any means im gonna find ya when i get ya ima tell ya that theres no way that you will eva leave my lovin is the best you must confess im bout to sqeeze your body make you feel so many ways you neva felt i will neva teaseee By any means ooh please
Itz only been a weekend im missin you so crazily and i told you i did not want you to leave and you tellin me you gotta hit the streets cuz your papers runnin low and you gotta go im screamin cuz im scared of the fire blow but theres somethin you really gotta know by any means im gonna get you back soooooo
chorus
You callin me from the payphone sayin itz bout 10 n itz from home ,Im happy cuz itz been so dammm long and im tired of singing these sad songs 20 minutes passed n u aint here i strat hearin sirens in my ears , THey got you n i dont understand it , Ima hold you down thats for granted
Wyclef :
Me wanna to see Lightas lightas
Me want to see some lightas lightas
Me wanna to see lightas lightas
Who sent you how much they pay you memme tell u i gott gunz the size of torpidos n sound like volcanoes if u want u can be a widow i suggest u jump out the window. (Reapeat 2x)
f/ Faith Evans
I know that my savior lives
And at the end, he will stand on this earth
My flesh may be destroyed, yet from this body, I will see God
Yes, I will see him for myself - and I long for that moment
Grandma, I really miss you and it ain't been the same
I drop a tear when I, hear yo' name
Mariella Holloway, why you gotta be so far away?
Used to say, "Don't worry, it's gon' be okay"
But it ain't - it's like when you left, you took the Lord witchu
Why couldn't I come when he came to get you?
Damn I really miss you - I had to say it again
I remember the time when I was like ten
Crept up in the neighbor's yard, yeah, bein hard headed
You told me I would get it - you said it!
And boy did I get it, but after you spanked me, you hugged me
Kissed me on my forehead, told me that you love me
And I saw, that it hurt you, more than it hurt me
I thought - how bad could this hurt be? I know now
That's why it's only done out of love
What I wouldn't give for one mo' hug, from grandma
Baby it's gon' be okay (she used to tell me that)
Baby it's gon' be okay (I really miss hearin)
Baby it's gon' be okay (she used to tell me that)
Baby it's gon' be okay (I really miss hearin)
What I'm about to say a couple of family members is gon' hate me
But I'ma let you know what's been goin on lately
Now you know since you left, a lot of things witcho kids done changed
Yeah Jackie's still crazy, don't know what's up with James
Ain't seen Jerry in a while, you know he walk like you
And Renee's back in jail, you know she talk like you
Riculah's(?) doin real good now, she workin
Rhonda's still runnin around, trickin, jerkin
Buckeye's buggin, he done lost his mind
And Jarvis? Back out of jail, doin fine
Kylie? He done changed, it ain't all about self
As for my father.. well, that's somethin else
But that's my dog, he hold his grandmother down
My great grandmother, makin a lot of trips out of town
But that's a good thing, and if I could only hear you sing
once more, oh Lord, the comfort it would bring
You left behind a mother (and) eleven kids (and) eleven grandkids
And since then, two of yo' grandkids done had kids
They had a boy named Tacoma, Xavier's brother, that's right
Xavier's means you a great grandmother
I thank you for the best times of my life
I thank you for when you first met her, accepted and lovin my wife
I thank you for those Sunday dinners, they were vital
I thank you for my - life, I thank you for the bible
I thank you for the songs that you sing in the mornin
(Amazing Grace..) while I'm yawnin
I thank you for the two beatings you gave me
Cause I know somewhere along the line
the lesson I learned from the two beatings saved me
And when you died I cried like a baby, I begged the Lord to take me
Cause no one else could give me what you gave me
But life like everything comes to an end
I pray I go to heaven to see you again - amen
Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound
that saved a wretch like me
I once was lost, but now I'm found
Was blind, but now I see, yeahhh
Turn the lights all the way
Turn the lights all the way down
What Uhhuh Yeah
(Uhh)
Come on
Big flow
(GGRRRRRR) Come on yeah come on
Yo Yo J-A-Y, I flow sick
Fuck all y'all haters blow dick
I spits the game for those that throw bricks
Money cash hoes money cash chicks what
Sex murder and mayhem romance for the street
Only wife of mines is a life of crime
And since, life's a bitch in mini-skirts and big chests
How can I not flirt with death
That's life's a nigga, long as life prevent us
We gonna send a lot and pray to Christ forgive us
Fuck it
Ice the wrists and raise the price on these niggaz
Y'all cant floss on my level
I'll invite you all to get wit us if ya ball is glitter
When I go all the harlem playaz wall my picture
If you get close enough you can read the scripture
It reads money cash hoes how real was that nigga what
Money cash hoes money cash hoes (WHAT)
Money cash hoes money cash hoes (UHH)
Money cash hoes money cash hoes (COME ON)
Money cash hoes (WHAT) hoes (WHAT) hoes (WHAT)
Flavors robust platinum and gold touch
Y'all rap now, fast money lets slow it up
Niggaz try to stop Jay-Z to no luck
Roc-A-Fella foreva CEO what what
Us the villains, fuck your feelings
While yall playa hate we in the upper millions
Whats the dealings (huh) its like New York's been soft
Ever since Snoop came through and crushed the buildings
I'm tryin to restore the feelings fuck the lord keep dealing
More money more cash more chilling
I know they gone criticize the hook on this song
Like I give a fuck I'm just a crook on this song
Bed-Stuy Brooknon took on the world
Shit I led a life you can write a book on
Sex murder and mayhem romance for the street
Man and I tell ya itll be the best seller
D-M-X and my dogs bite
Jigga my nigga rhyme all night
Thugs for life one night with this rap shit
Let em go and I bet they know what'll happen
When we clap shit
Actin like we owe em something
Then we show em something
Talk greasy I think they found em down the road or something
Fuckin wit a madman in a bad mood
Its like fuckin wit a mad dog that wasnt fed food
And the only thing thats stoppin him is you
Cause the only thing that he'll be droppin is you
Topic include; choppin in two
Drop it to Clue and the response from the street
This was one dog that loves raw meat
But gettin back to just cause I, love my niggaz
I shed blood, for my niggaz
Let a nigga holler where my niggaz
All I'ma hear is right here my nigga
Roc-A-Fella shit uhhuh
Ruff Ryders
My nigga Swizz
Uhhuh uhhuh
Dont stop biatch
Uh
Uhhuh yeah
Inspect the game yo
Uhh.. c'mon!
(Dog) It's more to a song than, jewelry and clothes
More to a niggaz life than, money and hoes
The game is a lot bigger than you, think you know
And if you think you know, then I don't think you know
Niggaz - walk around frontin (frontin) talkin bout jewels (jewels)
how much you bust tools, y'all niggaz sounds like fools (woo)
Who you really think give a fuck how much your watch cost (mm-hmm)
How much your watch cost You bout to get your watch lost (aight)
If you flashin it, you must not want it
See I fuck with real niggaz that done it
You know what time it is, run it!
Niggaz got more important shit to deal with
Talkin about some 4 wheel shit
but my man here is about to kill shit (UH!)
Keep playin niggaz pussy, and you will get fucked
Why don't you cop some more ice dog
then you will get stuck and fucked
Bitch-ass nigga, hit my street
and see what happens to that iceberg when it's hit by heat (woo)
It want be a pretty sight, you and your pretty wife
Oh you must have forgot dog, this is the shitty life (aight)
Ain't a fuckin thing sweet, and ain't nothing fair
Just another nigga dead, don't a motherfucker care
Born and raisesd in the projects and can't forget it
And all that grimmy shit niggaz do, I done did it (uhh)
And I'm still wit it, nigga I stay in the hood
But when the cats is out, bet the dog, play in the hood
You keep bringin them fake bitches through
You gon' fuck around and make bitches do (WHAT)
We take bitches too (aight)
An if you comin through my block, it's gon' be the last stop
We blast tops, faggots couldn't make it to the stash box (c'mon!)
Big ass rocks, I want that! Fuck the blood
All that shit washes off, the next day I'm like, "What"
Flossin yo' shit, what I want for yo' shit (uhh, uhh)
Give a nigga like three bricks to feed the dogs with
Cause I ain't really gots to shine (Why) When they do, I do
For me them niggaz'll hide you, where nobody'll find you
If you eatin motherfucker, then your dogs should be eatin too
Not just four or five niggaz
Cause you know what the streets'll do
I will be the voice of the street til I die (die)
Cause I know if I keep my heart real, I'm gon' fly (fly)
Either let me fly or give me death; if you didn't catch it then
get it now, cause it's all that's left
And this will be the last breath (uh) provokin my niggaz (uh)
to start choking y'all niggaz (WHAT) and smokin y'all niggaz
A nigga would never have to say, "X feed me!"
You'll never hear a nigga say, "X is greedy!"
Only, "X believe me! I didn't know it was a setup!"
Get up, cocksuckin motherfucker, shut up
Shut up {*"pop pop"*} Fuck you nigga
From the hood to the wood, fuck you nigga
This for my dogs, til death do us part
I'm still here, cause I been here from the start (aight)
If I'm ever anywhere, anytime it gets ugly (WHAT)
The dog is aight, cause I know the streets love me (grrrrrrrrr)
Dog..
Jewelry and clothes..
Money and hoes..
Think you know
I don't think you know..
Niggas is dead, dead I tell you, can't be serious
What you think is gonna happen
with three of the illest niggas together
Street music and so fourth on one track,huh
Can't be serious, it's murda nigga, huh, it's Murda
Motha fuckers wanna kill me but don't got the heart
To look me in the eyes with the nine and spark
Cause whether your for or against this
When I spit with murderous intentions, everybody goes everybody knows
The weapons I possess they not for show
And you put dresses on your weapons when you walk out the door
See once I flash mother fuckers better do the one shot dash
Or be one shot ass
J to the A-Y to the drive by to your hood screamin bye-bye to you
Why would you fuck with me
Knowing I put you six feet deep and them niggas could die wit'cha
Cock the hot pistol and pop the hot Cristal
And promise you only one thing, to not miss you
Jahova know the god that served ya
Cause dead or alive when I arrive it's Murda
Shit I hope ya'll niggas know to lay low now
Cause thou shall perish if you don't bow down
Cause I hit em on sight, its dark dim the lights
You shot twice god bless to this the night
That alot of niggas fear the coming of their life
And you dead right be in hell looking for ice
Fuckin with Ja you bitch niggas talking shit
All on my dick you broke niggas making me rich
You gonna blaze me cause you high ripped off the henne rock
Flow semi-hot handling me your not
Check my forte not even on a bad day you beat this
Rather beat your dick or your bitch
My flow be the sick shit, pray again
Niggas dying cause they know I spit like iron, nothing but bark flyin
Flows and mics, hell and night, go together like heaven and light
Niggas ain't seein my plight, It's alright
I let the world know I shine like ice
I bet it all I can throw a hard four in the dice
Cause I'm a gambling man, you should gamble with a gat in your hand
Spin in barrel and put it to your head
Cause we don't dance no more all we do is cock and spit
Dedicated to giving you nothing but thug shit
Think we playing, you undoubtable fall further
Fuckin with I N C is Murda
I'm a crudy nigga, goin raw-dogin dirty bitches
And if I give birth I'm giving that shit to thirty bitches
You say you know a nigga like me, guess again Poppy
I might smile up in your face but I ain't your friend Poppy
Jump out the fifteen hundred like runnin, niggas don't want it
Get it, Done it, when I'm blunted
However it went down, I made it happen, made it scrapin
I made it fussin, bustin, I made it cappin
And lettin off wasn't nothing new to a nigga
Something to do to a nigga, Cause you is a fool nigga
I know your type, you hype, all up off that fake shit
You can't understand why a man would have to take shit
Or steal shit, but this is that real, niggas kill shit, peel shit
I hit you in your head you won't feel shit!!!
URRUURRRR.....
Let the dogs lose on a niggas ass
Find out if the niggas faster then the trigger's blast
A fucking snake in the truest form
Knowin damn well that what I do is wrong, plus what I do is strong
Niggas is makin movies so i gots to stop production
I need a block to function and maybe I'll stop destructin
The blocks is not for frontin, So let me get that shorty
Cause you don't need that shorty
you don't know what to do with that shorty
You might as well hit this 40, before you hit the floor
Another 24, What you want, Money, More!!
Them niggas did it raw, with no condom
You find em, sayin sorry he for what he said before I blind them
Get the flame out the four fifth, and there aint gonna be no more riff
Dog you want a floss tiff, but would of made it to the door if
Bullets travled alot slower, and you ran alot faster
But they don't and you can't so don't think about after
Cause tomorrow ain't comin, so stop runnin
cause you gonna die like a sucker
Murder Motherfucker!!!
Uh!, where my mother fucking dogs at, Uh, Uh
My nigga Jigga, My dog Ja, Irv Gotti, Rough Riders, Def Jam
Where my dogs at, Top Fight Uh, Where my dogs at
Hold me down baby, Hold me down baby, Hold me down baby
Boomer One Love Nigga, URRUURRRR, Murda Motherfucker..
Uh
Cause its all (Growl)...goin on...in my life
Earl Simmons, AKA The Dawg (what!), gettin down for real and goin hard
Cause its all (Growl)...goin on...in my life
This is my life and ima live how i wanna live it motherfuckers wanna fuckin come and get it
Cause its all...goin on...in my life
Shake it out yo, gimme at leats three feet and end up stinkin and leakin in the street (what!)
Cause its all...goin on...in my life
I wanna be able to teach to blood (uh!), wanna be able to sit down and eat wit you cuh (uh!)
Cause its all...goin on...in my life
I go through what i go thorugh so you dont have to you should be glad to have to wear ? (whoo)
Cause its all, (yeah), goin on....in my life
It is my dreams (uh), my fears (uh), my words (uh), that constantly (uh) fall on (uh) deaf ears (uh) (what!)
Cause its all...goin on...in my life
Fogive me farther for i have sinned (yeah!), endangered my soul im ready to win lets begin
(please!)
Cause its all...goin on...in my life
Please give me the strength to rebuke the devil, give me the speech so the word is heard at all levels (aight!)
Cause its all...goin on...in my life
.................Uh
Cause its all (Cause its all),goin on (Whats goin on), in my life (This is my life, This is my life)
Cause its all (Cause its all)....(Whats goin on), in my life (in my life.....This is my life)
Cause its all in my life, whoo in my life (This is my life), Yeah (This is my life), whooo
(This life of mine)
(Livin this life of mine) In my life (AAaaaaHHhhhhh!)
Uh.....Yeah......Thats whats up baby......aint nothin fake about this.....this my
motherfuckin life
Yo, yo, I know niggas wit honor and will
That'll still crush the blow up and then pass they mama the bill
So I'ma always be able to burn my strip
Cuz my bags be stuffed and I burn my tips
And it aint no tellin what the snub'll do
So when y'all go and cop S's cop one for your mother too
And I'm way better than them other dudes
But I'm stuck wit, what I'm stuck wit
Cuz I don't suck dick
Sat with the plays and I stood with the cultures
And I'ma always be in the hood like roaches
Flow is ferocious, dough is ferocious
Two guns by each lung with no holsters
And I control all the fishscale in the city
And still make your first week sales look pretty
I come through, all you hear is chip in the muffler
And you could ask anybody if the Kiss is a hustler
[Styles:] He's a hustler
[Jadakiss:] I hustle anywhere, any town, any borough, any strip, uh
[S:] He's a gambler
[J:] I always hold it down, gettin bankroll in 4, 5, 6 in trips
[S:] He's a gangster
[J:] I always make the paper and the FBI got me on they list, that's why
[S:] He's a Ruff Ryder nigga, Ryde or Die nigga
[J:] By the way, did I tell you that my name is Kiss?
And I don't understand how a broke nigga could chill
When a two liter'll dust you so get you a mil
Yes I got loose ends, poppin out the sunroof of the blue M
I'm like Lou Sims
And I'ma make sure they hit you wit both shotties
I think this summer's gon be the most bodies
You never ask a nigga in jail if he chillin
Just make sure you make all the sales in the building
Cuz now niggas think it's all right to tell
And you could put out some garbage and it might could sell
Alotta niggas be petty and sheist
But that's only til you treat 'em like a video and edit they life
This is a threat, when I talk you listen to death
And if I run out of money then my wrist is a bet
And the streets said they wanted more Kiss
Up north niggas pop me in, and do a hundred more dips
Yo, whether it's dope money or rap money, gamble the shit
Trey pounds of Mauseburgs, handle the shit
Got too big for the city, cops brought in the feds
So we moved across the map and brought in the bread
Niggas chill for a month and a half, no ruckus
Got the pictures of baggers and all of the gun busters
And you know how it go, cuz it rarely'll change
Everybody got a license and a alias name
We don't smoke when we hustle and none of us talk
Back to back til we home, we can front in New York
Cuz some of us is runnin from court
Smokin weed, mumblin thoughts
Tryin to stay humble for shorts
We could do this the mob way and kiss you on both cheeks
Or do it the hard way and shoot through your gold teeth
Stand on any block, play cee-lo and craps
And break niggas for they pack money, then give it back, uh
Keep yo hands in the air cuz we gon take it there/ And I know it
ain't fair but we just dont care
(beat change)
Chorus: Ain't no other cats got love for me/ Ain't no gon cats bus
slugs for me/ ain't no cats gon shed blood for me/ but my dogs is gon
be thugged wit me(x2)
(Verse 1 DMX)If i'ma rob i'ma rob all night
If i'm lookin for somthin it's probably a fight
If i'm gonna fuck bitches then it betta be tight
If thats dead, then the head betta be right
If i gots ta play, i'ma play till i win
Since i gotz to be here can't wait to begin
Wanna fuck shorty, can't stand shortie friend
Cuz honey friend fuck many many men
Stay wit da rats cuz the rats is real
Wanna fuck then we fuck, already know da deal
Fuck what you look like just show da real
Then i keep a spot that week to goto chill
I love my, get down for da hoes
Only reason i come around is for the hoes
Pipe work, I lay it down for da hoes
Hit em off wit dat dark grind, yaknow??
Chorus(x2)
(Verse 2,Drag-On)You fuckin wit me'Ain't keepin your health right
Cuz me and my boys we keep our gel tight
Shit I pack is heavy, but the shells light
When they drop the same time you drop without a fight
Burnin anything that i'm puttin my name on
You might take a Drag but you can't flame on
I know ya'll niggaz gon owe me wit a chain on
When it come to the fire im the kid to blame it on
When ya'll see like eight cars then you know who we are
Niggaz spittin mean bars off of the Green Jar
never drunk but you see me leant at the bar
Spit fire that'll melt the ice on your arm
You had dat but for now dog gimmie dat
Cuz dog, you don't wanna see how my semi act
Fake hustlin niggaz you pump many pac
When it come to dis shit, i done layed plenty flat
Chorus(x2)
(interlude)Do you hear what I tell you
Understand what you hear
Don't let nobody tell you, what you hope and you fear(x2)
(Verse3,DMX)uh..uh..What ya'll niggaz want cuz i got it righ here
Ya'll niggaz front, then I hit you right dere
Not really impressed by what niggaz wear
Faggots talk shit but I really don't care
I'm the type of nigga that'll die for da cause
Fuck what you heard I will die for my dogs
Ain't scared of shit, we'll ride in the fog
Same thing, but a bigger size than ya'lls
I fuck with Drag-On cuz he spits the flame
Drag-On muthafucka don't forget da name
And we are takin over, ain't shit da same
If you ain't in our mob nigga,quit the game
And ain't no other cats got love for me
Ain't no other cat's thats gon bus slugs wit me
Ain't no other cat's thats gonna shed blood for me
But my dogs is gonna be a thug wit me
Chorus(x2)
Interlude(x2)
Uh..Drag-On..Dark Man..Swizz Beatz uh..Uh Uh..Uh Uh..Uh Uh..Double Up
Just cause I love my niggas, (L-Dog)
I shed blood for my niggas. (Ryde or die)
Let a nigga holla, "Where my niggas?" (Get down or lay down)
All I wanna hear is, "Right here my niggas."
(We here nigga)
You won't take this from me baby!
You will not take this from me baby!
Ya know!
My niggas some niggas that you don't wanna try
My niggas some niggas that's really do or die
My niggas will have you cowards ready to cry
My niggas will fry my niggas will rob
My niggas keep niggas on they fuckin' job
My niggas know what it's like when shit gettin' hard
My niggas stay pullin' you other niggas cards
My niggas It's God my niggas we'll shine
My niggas just knew it was a matter of time
My niggas let me know to keep fuckin' with the rhymes
My niggas ain't no longer livin' with crime
My niggas is fine my niggas is good
My niggas keep you niggas knocking on wood
My niggas know how to take it back to the hood
My niggas will put you down right where you stood
My niggas they could my niggas they will
My niggas take you straight to the back & get ill
My niggas give it straight to the bank when we kill
My niggas put niggas on ice til they chill
My niggas is still my niggas is dogs my niggas (echoes)
My niggas is dogs my niggas will fight
My niggas will beat ya till you see no light
My niggas is bright my niggas is dim
My niggas will tear ya lim from lim
My niggas is thin my niggas is swole
My niggas will hang you from a pole
My niggas is old my niggas is young
You betta get out my face before your bell gets rung
Uh-huh (Y'KNOW?)
..
ARF!
Uhh..
Take it for what it's worth, my birth was a blessing
Sent to live and die, on earth as a lesson
We each have a star, all we have to do is find it
Once you do, everyone who sees it will be blinded (WHAT?)
They'll tell you that you're bright, and say you have a future
When you turn your back, same cats'll try to shoot ya
Niggaz ain't shit, I can live on both sides of the fence
Forget what you do, when you talk, see what you really meant (aight?)
That's what I thought, them niggaz was bluffin (uh)
They talk all day but say, nothin (uh)
It gets so dark (WHAT?) haze so intense
Since this first rain it's like it's rained ever since (WHAT?)
Never got paid for a rhyme but I flow (whoo)
Never got a plate on time but I grow (whoo)
Live your life, STAY on the line but I go (UHH)
Went from doin crime to bein kind cause I know
Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X)
I'm gon' live forever, I'm never gon' die
Only thing I fear is that I'm never gon' fly
Carry my weight but I'm never gon' cry
Shit I tell y'all niggaz straight cause I'm never gon' lie
What is about who I am that makes me unforgettable (HMM)
What it is about what I've done that makes it so incredible (uhh)
"More money, more problems" -- well the fame was worse (uh-huh)
I reached out for love and what came back was thirst (WHAT?)
Blessed with the curse (uh) niggaz don't hear me
Niggaz don't hear me, Y'ALL NIGGAZ, don't hear me (uh)
What'd I just say? "Nigga g'head" - you see that?
You gots to FEEL ME to catch what I'm sayin, BELIEVE THAT (UHH!)
But leave that, alone (WHAT?)
We gon' make a nigga wanna be at, your home (WHAT?)
Oh you kinda quiet with the heat at, your dome (UHH!)
If the dog got he's gonna bring back a bone
cause we got the chrome (C'MON!)
This is what I live for, or die for
I'm the nigga with the high score, you try for
What you niggaz wanna lie for? It changes nothin
I'm true for cats, yet some strangers bluffin
Chorus
Now if I take what he gave me and I, use it right (uh-huh)
In other words if I listen and, use the light (uh-huh)
Then what I say will remain here, after I'm gone
Still here, on the strength of a song, I live on (HMM)
No second-guessin on what I stood for, I was good for
stoppin niggaz from killin each other in the hood war (UHH)
Comin through showin love, throwin up (UHH)
Them cats not throwin love, you know whassup (WHAT?)
Dark Man baby, that's my name
and I gots to be the realest nigga (UHH) up in this game
Cause ain't no shame, they don't make em like, this no more
Real to the core, big heart but built for war
I stand for what I believe in
Even if what I believe in stops me from breathin
Relatives grievin, but I ain't went nowhere
Listen to the song (C'MON) I'm right there
Chorus
f/ Bloodline, DJ Kay Slay
Aiyyo, this is DJ Kay Slay from around the way
And my dog DMX is puttin' it down with the Bloodline family
And the Bloodline kennels
THE GREAT DEPRESSION! FOURTH TIME!
X keeps it gutter and his dogs are no differant
You gotta respect the line...
First out the kennel, Jynx reprepin' straight from Y.O. kennel
Holdin it down...
Let it be known, bring it to me
Break the fingers that you write with
Mouth that you recite with, real life shit
Niggaz call me God on beats, cuz I light shit
Quicker than those, shootin' big holes, rippin' your clothes
Play games and have a thug nigga sittin' at your home
See you walkin' with that bitch when he spit at yo dome
Damn, ya brains all over the place
Bitch cryin' and screamin', cuz your brains is all over her face
I got love for street thugs and killers, with deep mugs
Who bust they guns first then they start to cuss
Shook niggaz hold they guns 'til they start to rust
Bitch niggaz don't want no parts of us, we dangerous
Tripped a few of angel dust
One shot turn yo brains to slush
Yeah, niggaz don't learn shit 'til the lights is off
It's too late, now your life is lost, motherfucker...
DAMN! See what I'm sayin', this shit is real
Next out the kennel, barkin' from Dirty Jerz is that nigga Loose
Let me Loose nigga, get the fuck off me
I can't believe my ears, hot, these niggaz is barely warm
In fact they wack, they just got a hot song
Fuckin' up the game is catz like you
That make wack niggaz ???
But Loose at the door now, so come with me
I'ma make sure no more rappers like you get in
You want it? We can go hard with the beats
Or hard to the body or hard to the teeth
Yeah, I was on Universal, they couldn't have me
They kept me on the hush, like Whitney drug habit
Got drafted, then made it to the front line
A year later, got traded to Bloodline
Now it's hard for catz to keep they spot
He rock too much ice, he can't keep it hot
And when all the ice melt, they all want it down
Loose, fuck that, the streets is mines now...
FIRE! Only stray kills, yaknowhatimsayin?
Next out the kennel, my nigga Big Stan from Harlem
Get at 'em dog...
Uh-oh, who's next? That would be me, B.S., ya know?
Uh, ya niggaz ain't ready, uh
I'm like a thieve in the night, I creep in your life
One day when you nice, high off the henny
Catch you while you partyin' right
With the semi, put your body on ice, for a price
Make a bastard of your son as well as widow your wife
My struggle was tight, love inside my heart has limits
Like anything outside of Bloodline, bound to get it
We bound to win it, niggaz want, we bound to give it
And anything you catz start, you know we bound to finish
Can you see the cage is open? Muzzle is off
The nine is sick, the silencer will muffle the cough
The Line is thick, Stan stay solo on cost
My shoulder will frost on any nigga other than Dog
I'm the one ya moms would hate you to cross
If you the only child, would be replacing the lost
Please think before you go against the B dot S
And no it's not a game, I'm one of Bloodline's best, nigga...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, they just keep bitin'
The last to bite, that bitch, the bitch of the litter
Crazy Kash, Kasmir, get at 'em girl...
What the fuck yall niggaz know about dreams
i got enough to put a end to yo peace
plus bust ten in yo piece
make yo back bend in a crease
thats what you get offendin a beast
you hatin me like you a friend of kelis
load cock back and release
bad bitch crackin yo piece
bulletholes in the back of yo peeps
bound to catch niggas comin from the back with the heat
love to watch they knees buckle when they smack the concrete
you aint gotta love me just respect a bitch
scared to fight me get ya girl so i can wet the bitch
who gives a fuck who yo old lady be
i put holes in her old navy tee if she fuckin wit me
you know my niggaz Stan, Jynx, Loose, Bird and X
yall niggas switchin occupations cuz ya heard we next
No nigggaz above mine, cuz no niggaz above mine
and this shits in my heart cuz its in my fuckin bloodline
Please give me the strength I need to live...
Bear with me
Amen
We each walk the path that we've chosen
I'm ready to meet him
We're I'm living ain't right
Black hate white
White hate black
It's right back
To the same fight
They got us suspecting a war
But the real war is to follow the law of the lord
Lord you left me stranded
And I don't know why
Told me to live my life,
Now I'm ready to die
Ready to fly
I cry, but I shed no tears
You told me you would dead those fears, it's been years
Snakes still coming at me
Just missing
Sometimes I think all you doing me is just listen
I thought that I was special
Thats what you told me
Hold me
Stop acting like you don't know me
What'd I do so bad that it sent you away from me
Not only sent you away, but made you stay away from me
(My child I'm here, as I've always been, it was you who went away,
And now are back again, what did I say?)
Follow your word, and be true
(What did you do?)
Wellwhat I wanted to do...
(What have you seen?)
Darkness and hell at a glance
(What do you want?)
All I want is another chance
Chorus
(Just because you went away, my doors are not locked, wanna come back
home,
all you gotta do is knock)
Ya see, I left home a boy, I returned as a man
Full grown, and I'm still not able to stand
(I gave you a hand)
Well...but I was looking the wrong way
Figured out the plan, then I started to pray
And that prayer, took me from here to over there
Back to over here,
Now they got me like where?
Do I belong?
Do I fit in?
Things on my mind, where do I begin?
It's easier to sin, but it hurts my heart
I'm really tryin' to win, so where do we start?
(Thou shall not steal)
But, what if he stole from me?
(Thou shall not kill)
But what if he's tryin' to kill me?
(Thou shall not, take my, name in vain, no matter how hard it rains,
withstand the pain)
Chorus
Our father, who art in heaven
I'm not ashamed to ask for guidance, at 27
No longer afraid to knock on your door
Not scared anymore to lose my life in the war
After what I just saw, I'm ridin' with the lord
Cause I really can't afford to lose my head by the sword
And now that I've seen, what I need to see
Please take me, where I need to be
(What have you learned?)
It's better to tell the truth than to lie
(What have you learned?)
To love my life until I die
(What have you learned?)
Violence isn't always the key
(What have you learned?)
You can't always believe what you see
(What have you learned?)
It's better to forgive and forget
(What have you learned?)
Give as you expect to get
(What have you learned?)
That I can't go on without you
(What have you learned?)
I musta been a fool to ever doubt you
Chorus
I'm ready to meet him
It's that shit, you know what I'm sayin'
I'm a give a shout out to my niggas
I ain't givin' a shout out to no Park, nobody, fuck that
Big Baby Jesus in the mother fucking house
Know what I'm sayin'
Unh, come on
I don't walk, I stalk, livin' foul like pork
Shuttin' down underground streets of New York
Hawk is what them niggas call me, 'cause they all be
Suckin' my dick and on my mother fucking balls, G
I know the half, so I laugh wit' 'em
Blood bath went I let the fuckin' rap hit 'em
Full clip, but only half did 'em
That's all it took, another crook
Taken out over a dirty look
I bag game with niggas I leave shot dead
You're only taken a piss from me with hot led
You know my style nigga, 'cause I'm always schemin'
In jail, niggas holdin' a sink screamin'
Police, but you got no peace
Yo, was that you big man, and alot mo' grease
All I gets is pounds, you ain't want none of this
Back streets are like track meets 'cause I be runnin' this
Ain't nowhere to run ('cause I be runnin' this)
Ain't nowhere to hide (come on)
Ain't nowhere to go ('cause I be runnin' this)
Reaper saved your soul (come on)
Surroned by the colors, I see crimson, black and blue (come on)
Locking open doors again, I'm still afraid of you (straight up, mother fucker)
Light to dark, then light again, I always thought I knew (come on)
Young to old and young again, what's left for me to do (straight up)
Center of the universe, collecting me in time (come on)
I'm falling down upon the earth, and singing truth in rhyme (come on)
If I was a rolling stone, I'd roll until I'm through (come on)
And if I was a garden I would bloom in black for you (Dirt Dog in effect) [Chorus] ahhhh, yi yi yi yi (come on)
What you mother fuckers invented
Is the craziest nigga that ever been invented
ha ha ha ha ha
Most know, don't front on Ol' Dity Bastard
ha ha ha ha
I call on Jesus
There's no obstacles that you have to jump
There's no walls that you have to climb
This is real, this is elementary dear
Elementary, Watson, Elementary
ahhhhh
I ain't no pictue on your fore wall, necklace wearin' beard
You don't want this money till it's rich
Buy my album, coded by Dirty, set you free
Go against the grain, I got the p
I know you don't recognize me now
I dunked your tongue
How many lightening bulbs do it take to light up a fuck mode
Brothers, people, you'd better get the fuck off of me
We don't need it, it gets more ugly
Fools tryin' to bust their ass
Tryin' to get away from me when I said my real name
I call myself in the niggas butthole
All the same, all the same, all the same
Ain't nowhere to run
Ain't nowhere to hide
Ain't nowhere to go
Reaper saved your soul
ahhh yi yi yi yi
What, mother fucker
Don't try to psychology my shit, mother fucker
'cause you'll never psychology it, mother fucker
Never, never, never, mother fucker, never
Yo, uhh
Ohh, huh, that's how it's goin down huh?
You niggaz hit me like that
in the fuckin back? In the fuckin back?!
Bitches!! ARF, ARF!!
(WHAT?! WHAT?! WHAT?! WHAT?!)
This how we do bitch niggaz, f'real
I'm tryin to let you niggaz know how the fuck it's goin dizzy
When it comes to that flow (YO!) I gets busy
Dog don't care get, bear like grizzly
Boom boom boom! ATF, who the fuck is he?
Dog is the nigga that's gon' walk through the night
Park the car twenty blocks away and walk to the fight (WHAT?!)
And go where the fuck I want cause New York is alright
The dog is alright, if the hawk is on sight
Everything from "Get at Me Dog" to "What's My Name?" (woo!)
X got a rep, niggaz trust my name
Ain't never been a nigga to discuss my fame (WHAT?!)
Fuck my fame, nigga, what's my name? (WHAT?!)
I'ma keep it real no, matter what it cost me
Never one to be taken lightly or softly
Dog, I don't know you please back the fuck up off me
Before I have him, cause I popped you tryin to off me
So don't walk too fast or talk too much
Cause y'all niggaz is ass, and you know whassup
Cause y'all niggaz'll blast and we like WHAT?!
And my niggaz'll blast and Y'ALL FUCKED UP!
I done told you niggaz to walk with me, and stand
Now who's lookin at me, akwardly? My man
But you know who I let talk to me? My
Uhh.. yeah, uhh
Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh - WHAT!
We gon' make these cats (WHAT!) STOP!
Why they waitin to (WHAT!) GO!
We gon' keep it (ON TOP!) ON TOP!
Why these cats is like (YO!) AIYYO!
Song ain't a song without X and the B.S.
Earl, Stan - initials E.S.
About to shut it down, y'all don't see this?
Oh my God (WHAT!) Y'all don't see this?
Started with a little, raising the pups
Now I'm a home-run hitter, we raising our cups
Toastin, to all the roastin we done (UHH)
Bite hard, done bit hard but don't run (UHH)
My dogs is dogs with official +Bloodlines+
Cats want - mine? X Blood-line?
Oh you tryna get hit in the HEAD one time
Straight to the body with the whole .29 (WHAT!)
It's gon' be whatever it's gon' be (UHH!)
And I'm gon' see whatever I'm gon' see (UHH!)
And I'm gon' do whatever I'm gon' do
So if it's fuck me nigga, then FUCK YOU too! (C'MON!)
Off the chain I'ma run through, walk through, gun do haunt you
A gun puts a spark through, no tellin what the hawk do (WHAT!)
Only speak for me, no tellin what the Dog do
(Dog do what the fuck Dog do, shit!)
Yo' crew leave it alone (uh-uh!)
You got your eyes on the bone? (uh-uh!)
Can't keep your eyes of the throne? (Go on now)
With that shit you did (man, c'mon now!)
I'm gettin sick of niggaz fuckin with D
You fuckin with D? You fuckin with me
You fuckin with me? You fuckin with X
Fuckin with X? You fuckin with a softball-sized hole up in your vest
And the rest? (WHAT!) Ain't nothin to rap about
Ain't no ("I ain't mean it!") when the strap is out
Ain't no ("Yo, sorry!") when the rats is out
Cause the rats don't know shit but POINT MONEY OUT! (UHH!)
School Street, Moulfred, Whitney Young
Been there, lived there, now it's become
a place where the face I'm not familiar with
These new cats done got me on some "I'MA KILL YOU SHIT!"
And I remember when you came through flyin, a 1-2-9
Scooped ya man up and he signed to the 'Line
I got a deal, shit I'm still in the grind (WHAT!)
Got the steal, cause shit is still on my mind
You gots to watch niggaz that you talk to
Cause sometimes they talk to you funny, whassup wit'chu money?
Oh you think it's sweet? My name must be Honey
Funny, 'til you leave with your head bloody
And what he gon' do when a 6-foot-3
430-pound motherfucker come through? (WHAT?)
NOTHIN! (C'MON!) Breathe easy!
When cats talk slick dogs get GREASY!
[Big Stan] WHAT!
Why these cats is like (YO!) AIYYO!
Why these cats is like (YO!) AIYYO!
f/ Big Stan
* send corrections to the typist
Uhh.. yeah, uhh
Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh - WHAT!
We gon' make these cats (WHAT!) STOP!
Why they waitin to (WHAT!) GO!
We gon' keep it (ON TOP!) ON TOP!
Why these cats is like (YO!) AIYYO!
Song ain't a song without X and the B.S.
Earl, Stan - initials E.S.
About to shut it down, y'all don't see this?
Oh my God (WHAT!) Y'all don't see this?
Started with a little, raising the pups
Now I'm a home-run hitter, we raising our cups
Toastin, to all the roastin we done (UHH)
Bite hard, done bit hard but don't run (UHH)
My dogs is dogs with official +Bloodlines+
Cats want - mine? X Blood-line?
Oh you tryna get hit in the HEAD one time
Straight to the body with the whole .29 (WHAT!)
It's gon' be whatever it's gon' be (UHH!)
And I'm gon' see whatever I'm gon' see (UHH!)
And I'm gon' do whatever I'm gon' do
So if it's fuck me nigga, then FUCK YOU too! (C'MON!)
[Big Stan] + (DMX)
Off the chain I'ma run through, walk through, gun do haunt you
A gun puts a spark through, no tellin what the hawk do (WHAT!)
Only speak for me, no tellin what the Dog do
(Dog do what the fuck Dog do, shit!)
Yo' crew leave it alone (uh-uh!)
You got your eyes on the bone? (uh-uh!)
Can't keep your eyes of the throne? (Go on now)
With that shit you did (man, c'mon now!)
I'm gettin sick of niggaz fuckin with D
You fuckin with D? You fuckin with me
You fuckin with me? You fuckin with X
Fuckin with X? You fuckin with a softball-sized hole up in your vest
And the rest? (WHAT!) Ain't nothin to rap about
Ain't no ("I ain't mean it!") when the strap is out
Ain't no ("Yo, sorry!") when the rats is out
Cause the rats don't know shit but POINT MONEY OUT! (UHH!)
School Street, Moulfred, Whitney Young
Been there, lived there, now it's become
a place where the face I'm not familiar with
These new cats done got me on some "I'MA KILL YOU SHIT!"
And I remember when you came through flyin, a 1-2-9
Scooped ya man up and he signed to the 'Line
I got a deal, shit I'm still in the grind (WHAT!)
Got the steal, cause shit is still on my mind
You gots to watch niggaz that you talk to
Cause sometimes they talk to you funny, whassup wit'chu money?
Oh you think it's sweet? My name must be Honey
Funny, 'til you leave with your head bloody
And what he gon' do when a 6-foot-3
430-pound motherfucker come through? (WHAT?)
NOTHIN! (C'MON!) Breathe easy!
When cats talk slick dogs get GREASY!
[Big Stan] WHAT!
Why these cats is like (YO!) AIYYO!
Why these cats is like (YO!) AIYYO!
Yo if gon' sleep on somethin, might as well be a bed
And if you gon' crack a nigga, might as well be a head
Cause if you targettin the L.O.X.
You might as as well target a box
That you gon' sleep in for years, all covered wit rocks
Cause I think not, I pop shots, I double what y'all got
Ya hotshots aint got blocks, ya punta muchacha
From the days in school, now a motherfucker rule
And I could drop my chain in court, yeah, keeps ya cool
That's how ice be, I'm priceless, the iciest
And I dont gotta wear fatigues to blow out your chest
My bullets thump when I'm laced in some fly shit, punk
The baby nine be on the daily, aint no poppin a trunk
But if I pop the trunk, its to hand you a rag
So you can wipe down the windows on the side of my Jag
Must I brag? My shit paid for, yours tagged
And every bitch you grabbed, Sheek bend em back
Ayo I hope you aint tongue-kissin your spouse
Cause I be fuckin her in the mouth
Type of nigga buck at your house
Too slick, means she be suckin my dick
And before you know it, I'ma have her stuffin my bricks
Jada, if I kiss you now, you'll die later
I been nice since niggaz was watchin movies on Beta
Ready to clap, everybody givin me gats
Cause believe it or not, we be the ones settin the traps
You listen to y'all shit, then listen to our shit
Ain't nuttin y'all faggots could do but gossip
That's the reason now y'all niggaz ain't got shit
Cause everytime I turn around y'all on the L.O.X. dick
Niggaz thats narrow, I just smack em wit the barrel
Give it to em at the light, like Kane's cousin Harold
Chorus: repeat 4X
The Ruff Ryders! (What?) The Ruff Ryders
Fuck you and your son, y'all low wit the scum
Show me the money, I'll show you a gun, motherfucker
SP'll spin the corner while you parle' with dun
I clap you, I clap him, and thats rule number one
Suckin my dick, and I dont give a fuck what you spit
Who you are, where you from, and who the fuck you can get
Cause I sell records, plus I got a jail record
Y'all niggaz ain't sayin shit until y'all bare weapons
And even when you dead, you can still fuckin get it
A nigga that'll smack ya, fuck around and clap ya
Styles P., your favorite rapper's favorite rapper
Aint no surprise niggaz, only fuck wit recognized niggaz
Babygirl want the world, gave ya pies niggaz
No tops, take em in all shape and size niggaz
No lie, prefer them ready do or die niggaz
What? What you want? cutey starin at me like
Damn, where you from? You be comin at me like
Can I get some? Lick your lips for this brown sugar
Suck mine like a thumb, if you want, til I come, uh
I be the D-R, A-G, dash O-N, slash often
Comma, burnin niggas often
They call me Drag-On, I'm hot scorchin
Keep the block roastin
Light a dutch wit the flames comin, toastin
In my eyes you could see what summer's holdin
Realizin, every guy I'll fry or dead rowdy
I burn to a degree of 130, and my gun dirty
Cause it got one bury, so you better run, hurry
Or catch one early
You wrong, tryin to touch me, what type of shit you on?
You better through your boots on and your unflammable suits on
Cause I'm comin through wit a Yukon
Black tinted wit gats in it
Catch you while you smokin, send your casket, throw the sack in it
But only half of it, cause y'all like half-ass dude
And we are one whole, and y'all niggaz is one slash two
My gun blast you, tryna out the flames, what're you, firemen?
You'll catch a hell of a backdraft
cause my fire retirin, aight then
Its my, survival instinct that keeps my head above the water
Everyday I show another how a I love a slaughter
Flood your daughter, full of more holes than spurges
Taxin businessmen for stocks over lunches
Wit these, I shoot the breeze, and extort
Enough keys from the Cuban, to build a fuckin fort
Caught up in somethin that I cant control
Tryna get a hold of a bankroll, let's role
Catch bodies like a cold, and I stay slick so face it
Make me chase it, I take your life and erase it
Waste it, in the fuckin streets cause it ain't worth shit
The undertaker take your ass under the earth quick, I
Love money, but the scrambles hot
So i snatch up my man and the gamblin spot
Twenty grand is got, one niggaz shot, one nigga less
What used to be his chest is now a mess under his fuckin vest
(Background talking)
Knumskull (DMX)
Yeah Yeah, now we on the west coast (nigga),
Hooked up with my partners, Ruff Ryders,
To represent the turf,
Come to lay down the turf stories,
To represent real brothers gettin money, on the paper chase (nigga),
We gon start off with my man, so, you know what I'm sayin, DMX let em know.
DMX:
Niggas is gettin trampled on, what's all the fuss about?
Suckin my dick so hard, I'm bustin in their mouth.
And then I stuff em out, four to the mid', fuck what I did
With no regard for a bid, ripped you up, while you wit your kid
Slid into the shadows, cause I'm dark like that
I bark like that, jet black, but I spark like that
Where ARE they at, when I get thirsty, shit
Ain't a nigga strong enough to stand the worst it gets
Bits, and pieces are all thats that left
Niggaz so scared to death, they hold they motherfuckin breath
Til I pass, cause they asked, and I smelled em
The S-P-E-L-L-E-D T-H-E-M, I spelled em
To make me have to swell one, eye up, lump up one head
Catch a body with the shottie, pump up one dead
Red alert, niggaz is about to get hurt, do work
to skirts, like a jag on the merk, ARF
Night time is the right time for creepin
Vandalize your crib, rape your wife while she's sleepin
I been off the deep end, since I was semen
That's why now, I'm such a motherfuckin demon!
SCREAMIN, my bloody head off, shit on my mind I gotsta get off
Can't even hold a joint, lest I let off
A couple of rounds, from the big three pound, seven
That's about eleven hundred as of now.
Chorus- (2 times)
Yukmouth (DMX):
We ride, side to side, guys back to back, (nigga)
Surrounded by a wolfpack, tryin to scrap with gats,
You betta ride or die, nigga ride or die, (uh huh, uh huh)
You gotta ride or die, nigga ride or die!
Drag-On:
I put a grenade in your pocket to blow your arms out,
Put something black in your moms mouth, ya'll cats better calm down,
This rap shit is Drag-On's now, if I catch ya'll clowns,
No question what I axe (ask) ya'll clowns, I'ma gat ya'll down,
For the benjamin bills, I shoulda been killed,
I keeps it real though,
For these plats though I leave nothin but widows,
You're a gang, but so what, can you really bang with us?
Be like a phone, cause we off the hook,
And ya'll better hang it up,
I stay high, but I don't plan to go to heaven,
I plan to burn like the furnace, til ya'll learn,
Even if it's with the burners,
Until your mom can dish straight, forget her son,
To give her the dick, tore a clip and I stripped her one,
For that's dragon, that's the one,
What's blastin, that's his gun,
Who's lastin, no one,
So if you splashin to blow one,
Like I said before, I'ma lock it down like Shaqula
So make your sister be the ??? and none back to her.
Yukmouth:
After midnight, busta niggas can't even hang out,
Niggas on the west, we put them dank things out,
Drive by and try to blow them fuckin brains out,
And cocaine drought,
survive and reside with a new click,
But use the same route,
Pull the range out,
Get brains pal, while I'm drivin,
Live and direct, front five and a tech,
Stash in the Range, but nine in the Lex,
Got bitches, shining briggets, for me,
Grindin correct, for me,
Signin off checks, for me,
Send a bitch outta town, now she buyin the bricks, for me,
Passes from the brick, homie,
Keep grindin with your click, homie,
Cause on top there's no way,
Cock your chromayy,
Stock your monayyy,
Feds caught the homayyy,
It's just the monay got coppers on mayyy,
Helicopters on mayyy, bust off the blockers phonayyy,
Ramshack this house, put choppers on it,
Bitches safe and shit, niggas takin shit,
Break his wrist, pistol whipping duck tape his bitch.
Chorus (2 times)
Yukmouth:
Bitch, to all my niggas locked in Rita and Simson,
We still the ice cream men,
Just switched it up from a truck to a great benz,
We made men, and kingpins, triple-beam men,
Give me a quarter key, I bet I flip a key,
By the weekend, our styles are grand theiven,
If not, niggas ain't leavin,
Unless they bleed the demon prayer from my deacon,
In front of the casket, you done it you bastard,
I pack mathematics to keep it crackin,
Head ride to ask it, BITCH!
DMX:
How-can-one-man-kill-so-many-and
the-sin-be-plenty-before-the-age-of-20,
Life ain't worth a penny in, my book faggot,
That's why I took faggot shit, I'm a crook faggot,
Fat loops leather jackets, I bag it, along with,
The jewels smackin tools out the hands of fools,
On the strength that they don't know what they holdin,
Niggaz called me TAILOR cause the WAY that I be sewin,
Shit up cause I get up, off my ass and SKATE
Makin more moves than U-Haul, from state to state
I speak the GREAT, and if a nigga tells you different
You turn around you ask the nigga, FUCK is you be sniffin?
Cause when it come to riffin, I am the riff raffin,
Gots to say nuttin, niggaz know they get half,
And I can still laugh, at those who's toes I'm steppin on,
Disrespect and pulling out a weapon on,
Nice joint, I know you wish you coulda kept it on,
But that's another story, don't even sweat, it's gone (echo gone).
Uhh.. this is life (this is life)
This is what I know (this what I know)
So to me (so to me) this is life (this is life)
One more road to cross
One more risk to take
Gotta live my life
like there's one more move to make
I'm up at like 6 AM, to check this nigga
He work the nightshift, and I gots to check them figures
Knock on his door, peoples talkin bout, "He ain't there,"
but the house is packed, shit I know he here somewhere
See money get high, I don't knock what a nigga do to get by
Just make sure you gettin by don't FUCK with you gettin mine
Ain't the first time he ran off, shoulda split his shit then
Hate to think of what he's did and if I catch him slippin
won't be an ass-whippin, I can tell you that
I keep it real with this cat, he go and sell two packs
and run off (damn) tell me, he was locked down, up North
and you out a week later That's bullshit!
I bust off, I need this dough
Fuck you think I'm here for my health
I need this wealth, because I feed myself
You play with my life, when you play with my money
Playin around but this'll be the last time you think somethin's funny
Yo, I've been casin the liquor store, for a month now
with me and two other niggaz, is about to run up in there and shut it down
I got four people on the inside, one stay in the back
Two stock boys, one at the register but he count the stacks
Aight bitch, put on the ski mask, make sure that when we ask
for the dough they know that we takin all three bags
Now see that You gotta hear em shoot that nigga
Matter of fact, you hit the back, I'll put two in that nigga
Hardhead motherfuckers always get it
I told him what would happen if he moved the nigga moved so I did it
Did you get it I asked my man as he was comin from the back
Nigga opened his mouth said nothin and fell out flat
This cat come out spittin, hittin my mans, his mans
Couldn't control what was in his hands
I'm hit, damn! I bust back, and got the fuck up out of there
Didn't get a dime, but at least I got up out of there
Aiyyo I see it, try to avoid it, but it comes
That's how it's goin in the slums over crumbs
Somethin little becomes somethin major
Niggaz gettin blown up like a pager
Ear to ear with the razor, pour out my soul
Took control of hurt, why must Earl Simmons, swim in dirt
I'm gon' make it work, twenty-eight and tryin to get, baptized
Priest cannot touch me cause he said I gave him bad vibes
Ryde, when I Die, straight down, but I'm plottin
We all gots to go but who wants to be forgotten
I'ma leave a mark, and it won't be the mark of the devil
Throw dirt and may your hands burn when you touch the shovel
The level of animosity is stoppin me from thrivin
FUCK what them niggaz is talkin about, I'm survivin
Alive and goin through it, but I made my bed
So now it's in these flames that I, lay my head
(man1):Check it, Yo whatz up wit this PacMan nigga
yo whatz up
(man2):Yo right there
(man1):Yo hold up,hold up
yo Pacman yo pacman
(pacman):Yo you know me money
(man1):listen dog I don't know you an all that shit
but whatz up wit this pacman shit
(pacman):what you mean whatz up wit this pacman
shit,this my hood man ,this my hood fo five years
man just got out man im just tring to get some money man
(man1):yo I won't you to get money and all that shit
but you can't get it here man
(pacman):what you mean I can't get it here I been here all my mutherfucking life b. ain't nun of yall N.Y. niggas
taking over this shit up around here man
(man1):how the fuck you know i'm a New York nigga
(pacman):you smell like a New York nigga to me man
(man1):five years ago where wes you
(pacman):five years ago I was locked up man
(man1):you born and raised in this joint
(pacman):born and raised here my momma here my poppa here
everybody hereman
(man1):well we was born up the block
(pacman):ya I was born and raised here and ain't none of yall niggas gonna run me out of my hood
(man1):so what you saying nigga
(pacman):nigga what you saying nigga
(man1):this what the fuck i'm saying
(gun shot)
(man1):ride or die mutherfucker
Uhh.. UH! .. WHOO!
Y'all gon' make me lose my mind up in HERE, up in here
Y'all gon' make me go all out up in here, up in here
Y'all gon' make me act a FOOL up in HERE, up in here
Y'all gon' make me lose my cool up in here, up in here
If I gotsta bring it to you cowards then it's gonna be quick, aight
All your mens up in the jail before, suck my dick
and all them other cats you run with, get done with, dumb quick
How the fuck you gonna cross the dog with some bum shit
Aight
There go the gun click, nine one one shit
All over some dumb shit, ain't that some shit
Y'all niggaz remind me of a strip club, cause everytime you come around,
it's like (what) I just gotta get my dick sucked
And I don't know who the fuck you think you talkin to but I'm not him, aight slim
So watch what you do
Or you gon' find yourself, buried next to someone else and we all thought you loved yourself
But that couldn't have been the issue, or maybe they just sayin that, now cause they miss you
Shit a nigga tried to diss you
That's why you layin on your back, lookin at the roof of the church
Preacher tellin the truth and it hurts
Off the chain I leave niggaz soft in the brain cause niggaz still want the fame,
off the name First of all, you ain't rapped long enough to be fuckin with me
and you, you ain't strong enough
So whatever it is you puffin on that got you think that you
Superman I got the Kryptonite, should I smack him with my dick and the mic
Y'all niggaz is characters, not even good actors
What's gon' be the outcome
Hmm, let's add up all the factors
You wack, you're twisted, your girl's a hoe
You're broke, the kid ain't yours, and e'rybody know
Your old man say you stupid, you be like,
"So I love my baby mother, I never let her go
" I'm tired of weak ass niggaz whinin over pussy that don't belong to them,
fuck is wrong with them
They fuck it up for real niggaz like my mans and them who get it on
on the strength of the hands with them, MAN
I bring down rains so heavy it curse the head
No more talkin - put him in the dirt instead
You keep walin - lest you tryin to end up red
Cause if I end up fed, y'all end up dead
Cause youse a soft type nigga
Fake up
North type nigga
Puss like a soft white nigga
Dog is a dog, blood's thicker than water
We done been through the mud and we quicker to slaughter
The bigger the order, the more guns we brought out
We run up in there, e'rybody come out, don't nobody run out
Sun in to sun out, I'ma keep the gun out
Nigga runnin his mouth
I'ma blow his lung out
Listen, yo' ass is about to be missin
You know who gon' find you
(Who)
Some old man fishin
Grandma wishin your soul's at rest but it's hard to digest with the size of the hole in your chest
Hold up! ERRRRRRRR!
One.. two.. meet me outside meet me outside, meet me outside
All my Ruff
Ry-DERS gon' meet me outside meet me outside, meet me outside
All my big ball-ERS gon' meet me outside meet me outside, meet me outside
All my fly lad-IES gon' meet me outside meet me outside, meet me outside
All my street street peoples meet me outside meet me outside, outside motherfucker
X is got y'all bouncin again
Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again
Dark Man X got ya bouncin again
Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again
Swizz Beatz got y'all bouncin again
Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again (Swizz Beatz)
Ruff Ryders got y'all bouncin again
Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again
Dark Man keep you bouncin again
Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again
Dark Man keep you bouncin again
Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again
All my streets they bouncin again
Bouncin again, we're bouncin again
Swizz Swizz Beatz we bouncin again
Bouncin again and we bouncin again
Double R keep it comin, ain't nuttin y'all
Ain't nuttin y'all can do, now.. -Vaya
-Come on
-Vaya
-A vailar
Where're my niggers with the big dicks? -Ahh
Where're my niggers with the hot whips? -Ahh
Where're my niggers living better?
We want Barettas and Amarettas, butter leathers and mad cheddar.
(Ayo Pun, I got you baby)
We play the front not the back, when there's beef I attack
Grab the guns and start lighting
Ya'll the bitch niggers behind cars scared to death like "yo, who fighting?"
How the fuck you teaching me I ain't got no obedience
Ya'll are made of shit I'm the thug's ingredients
And for my niggers I peel like fucked up paint jobs
Cover your block and put holes in you like old blankets
Fuck a bitch use a sock and wipe my nut what?
Run in your spot and use a Glock to get my cut what?
Smack you in public and embarrass you slut what?
Put you on punishment the same way I do to my son
And the only bullets by my stomach be the clip from my gun
And when my gun busts it's over so close the curtains
My silencer's like ch, ch, ch like birds was chirping
I like Boricuas ya know that Sheik be freaky
I put coke in their peepee then stuff the bras
Put some coke in the bras that look like coconuts
That's what's up don't have Sheik's click clack this up
Disload the back pack her bitch ass back me up
You know double R and Terror Squad niggers want they cut.
I'm well know like Al Capone, full blown like Tone Montana
In the zone sitting on chrome stoned sipping on Champana
Rolling ganja up in Bible paper
A high that will take us through the eyes of Christ, John, Elijah, Jacob
I make the kind of green that hustler's dream
Busting out that custard cream
Piper cause I'm piped up with the mustard team
Plus the queen Fort Knox and hearts
King of medallions Monty Guard
Even Italians see my battalion prop the broad
I got the squad over qualified pulling over Karl Kani
Range Rover tilted three wilted hydraulic slide
Spark the Live in the crowd ripping trough housings
Like the Wu do in Shaolin
John Blazing on a pound of buddha and all the mami chulas,
They want to ride on my Honda scooter
You know the red one from the video
But really though she ain't coming and she ain't running the
Trizzie yo!
Disrespect the Don word's bond I'm gonna shoot ya
We can get it on maricon hijo'de gran puta
Who you fucking' wit?
Bitch ass nigger you ain't running' up on shit
Talking' like you gonna bust yo clip
Nigger you ain't no fucking threat
You talk a lot but you ain't never realized that if you walk that block
Cock that Glock, think I'm pussy oh shit man! Big Punisher's off his rocker
What you got? Beef wit' me? Aight then papi, Sheik's with me
Thought you cats were gonna creep on me
without some type of an injury.
I see coward in yours, what you up in my eyes?
Big dick between mine, What the fuck between your thighs?
Pussy, If I shoot, are you gonna shoot back?
I don't think so, your man's the thug you ride piggy-back
You're the one that passed the gat, told your man to bust that
You ain't making no money, you're a broke-ass cat
And once these pop, cops bring the chalk
and the mop to get the rest of you off the sidewalk. what!
uh-huh, yea-yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, (tell 'em who we is)
yeah, yeah, yeah
They call me, when thay wanna get they dough up
Call me, when they wanna see shit blow up
Freessshhh
from the floor up
And ya know what? I'm sick wit it the shit don't slow up
I'ma see it, want it, drop it, cop cat
Get it, stay on it, don't stop cat
In the big chair wit the big hat screamin' "Y'all wanna floss wit us?"
Where the fuck you at? From the south side, ruff ryde
No one will
Fuckin wit us, is a done deal
And y'all gotta hate huh?
'Cuz it's to much weight for one
And y'all ain't havin' no fun
Got a whole beat team tryin' to do what I do
Whole street team tryin' do what I do
Like what? Double countin' me out?
Forget it, i'm the best that ever done it, need to check and reck
(uh, uh, uh, uh)
Ruff Ryders, be on tours for this
All Out, make ya dance 'til ya fall out
So So Def make it hot to death
You ain't platinum plus? You ain't fuckin' wit' us
Ruff Ryders, be on tours for this
All Out, make ya dance 'til ya fall out
So So Def make it hot to death
You ain't platinum plus? You ain't fuckin' wit' us
Now, money ain't never been a thing ta me
I'm down 8th with the brand new cinammon 3
OT, I got cake with a C and a D
On the wrist is a ice band capitol B, small V
I'm fuckin' with the Don Chi Chi
I'm a P-I-M-P, you can't tempt me (uh)
Check the ice and the clarity, it's cake like the lottery
Playa don't lie ta me, your stash couldn't cover me
What a playa wannabe, neck light in risavie
Hoes, I keep those by the, dime or dozen
I like short-a-y, but i wouldn't, mind her cousin
It's a cost, take the buck and all of them, quit fuckin
UHH!!!
(uh, uh, uh, uh)
Ruff Ryders, be on tours for this
All Out, make ya dance 'til ya fall out
So So Def make it hot to death
You ain't platinum plus? You ain't fuckin' wit' us
Ruff Ryders, be on tours for this
All Out, make ya dance 'til ya fall out
So So Def make it hot to death
You ain't platinum plus? You ain't fuckin' wit' us
C'mon, C'mon, C'mon
We be the best harlem niggaz 80's to lately
Think of Po Wop, Mickey Bonz and A-Z
Fresh Ritz Zit, Kevin Giles and DB
And at the end of all tha shit niggaz still say me
I'm the best that ever did it, got a way wit it
Put grannie on the stand, she'll never say who did it
I'm from where, even the gangsta's live to,
Make a mil. on the stoop, every summer switch boots
Cats change they name, to Phil like a giant
I treat rap like packs, role dills on consignment
This is for cats hummin' crack, bitchin' and parkin'
All the grimie niggaz who got generous hearts
Got a brother doin' life, to see him is hard
Fuckin' wit mase, is like a nigga swimmin' wit sharks
My niggaz chase cake, play some infa-reds
Some niggaz in the state, some is in the feds
Spit shit at niggaz that might erase they head
And role miserable niggaz who can't wait to be dead
All Out, Ruff Ryde mothafucka, All Out
Wanna flow BEYATCH?!
(uh, uh, uh, uh)
Ruff Ryders, be on tours for this
All Out, make ya dance 'til ya fall out
So So Def make it hot to death
You ain't platinum plus? You ain't fuckin' wit' us
Ruff Ryders, be on tours for this
All Out, make ya dance 'til ya fall out
So So Def make it hot to death
You ain't platinum plus? You ain't fuckin' wit' us
Uh, yeah
Swizz Beatz
We them niggaz in the streets
All Out, JD
Who you with?
Double R mothafucka, uh
uh-huh, yeah, yeah
In the name of Jesus
Let us pray
Father please walk with us through the bad times as well as the good
May we be heard and understood from the suburbs to the hood
May you judge us by our hearts and not by our mistakes
And see that we get a breakthrough however long that it takes
May you fill that void in our souls that will lay our fears to rest
Cause there is no way we can live for Jesus when we're liven in the flesh
So I pray that you allow our sprits to be born
Go strong move on know right from wrong
Verse John Chapter 2 verse 15
do not love the world or anything in the world and we know what that means
But lessen we know the distance we need to keep away from fire to keep it missing
That doesn't mean we'll listen
Lord you take care of fools and babies
You teach women to honor their men and men respect their ladies
But lately so many of us have gone a stray
Doing wrong for so long that we've forgotten the way
Please bring us back home and still in us the word witch is our backbone
Which is children that act grown
There is so much that we're entitled to yet we receive so little
Cause in this time of spiritual warfare we're comfortable in the middle
So I pray that you open our eyes
Give us the unknowing to recognize the devil and his lies
If we keep our actions wise and our prays sincere
Our heads to the sky you will demonist our fears
In Jesus name we have prayed
Amen and Amen
{Mysonne} (DMX)
{Mysonne, Mysonne the problem child DMX Ruff Ryders}
(Wanna flow wanna problem)
{Problem Children, y'all niggaz got problems}
(Wanna flow wanna problem)
{But they don't want no problems} (Nah baby)
{But they don't want no problems} (Wanna flow wanna problem)
{But they don't want no problems nah nah they don't want no problems}
(Wanna flow wanna problem)
{But they don't want no problems}
{But they don't want no problems} (Wanna flow wanna problem)
{But they don't want no problems nah nah they don't want no problems}
(No problems I'm telling you baby)
Yo, yo I told niggaz to pack they bags or grab they guns
Before I come it's tolate y'all had your fun
It's all over now, I don't wanna talk to niggaz
Popping shots like corks in niggaz, sticking forks in niggaz
Cause they done, only reason y'all still breathing is cause y'all run
When we bust shots, my nigga clutch glocks
Right in front of precents fuck cops
niggaz want pops then they die for them
Kiss the barrel, cry for them
Spirt leave your body touch the sky for them
Fuck voltron see what me and mines form
In the nine storm, death times gone
I'm that cat that y'all niggaz got your eyes on
Go to papi broke trying to get your pies on
The day that I'm gone I'm real fuck stardom
niggaz wanna talk but they don't want no problems
All y'all niggaz want is your heart back dog you pussy
Acting like you really wanna bark back don't push me
Only room enough for one dog to hold the shit down
You cowards know it now i'ma hold it down
When I'm done close it down
It's my shit here, FUCK that nigga just say try shit where
Come on cupcake y'all cats ain't even built like that
I been seen through they bullshit I'm real like that
I know how to walk the dog, I know how to chase the cat
I know how to get a bone, I know how to bring it back
I know how to flip on a nigga split him with the bat
I know how to train a pup to make sure they scratch
You motherfuckers don't want no problems cause my revolver is solving them
One by one until it's all of them
Let that be a lesson to your mans and shit
Keep your fucking mouth shut if your mans want spit, nigga
Well it's the kid that a
Crush your head into a cake batter
Y'all know that cake mix but y'all don't wanna taste this shit
Guns I should've been arrested for
Y'all gone make my bullets expand like a lesspee jaw
Don't you test me boy
Don't fuck with X or Drag to the dash
Cause once you dump in these bags you drag to the trash
Dumpster amoung the rest of them fags
My poker got your skin looking like acupunctures
Keep a silence on the tip can't afford the noise
My banger got a jagged edge like them four boys
If your hot i'll super soak you, won't be able to dry it off
Just relax take you last breath and die it off
Nothing but love I spread
But if you take advantage the weight that's lead will rush your head
You sweat'll die your hair red, like my bitch Eve
And no I'm not a faggot but I make niggaz striptease in front of me
It's fun to me, nitches
Uh, let me tell you somethin
Act your age, and I ain't even, matta fact, listen to me
Let me tell you somethin
AAAYYYYOOOOW!
Don't make me come at y'all, y'all don't wanna brawl
Make me run at y'all gun at y'all, take it all run it all
Actually there's a front it all lemme talk to y'all
Done it all y'all ain't even begun to ball
Winter, spring, summer, fall
The cream still stackin if the fiends still crackin
You the same one cryin, for that Billy Jean jacket black fever
Pussy ass, don't smoke no pot neither
Mommy take care of your high fever neighborhood watch leader
Close the drapes up, make the tape duct tape your face up
I fuck wit more powder, then makeup get em laced up
P doe, have a party for the brother
15 minutes, but I feel sorry for your mother
I kill like the greats did
Had a state bid for stashin little Nate
(He was only eight) but I hate kids I know all parents think they experts
But yo my TEC bursts is death spurts wet hearts and Guess shirts, what!
Uh, Uh, Uh
RRRRRRRRRRRRRR!
AAAYYYYOOOOW! Lets get it on baby (what) cause I'm ready to start
Take the locks of the cage cause I'm ready to bark
and niggaz gonna know when it's on for the heart
niggaz gonna go when it's on motherfuckers mad trucks you know
they feelin' it I'm flippin' it to niggaz
got them thinkin' that they real in it
you hear that but don't go near that you better fear that
you was the one that wanted to have the house wit the the pool right
where it at RRRRRRRRRRRRRR! don't make me bite you
I used to fuck wit yo' sista don't make me fight
you see how I play wit it but stay wit it I'm ok with it
I'll do it, but he will be the nigga that they say did it
what you don't know is gonna get you fucked up
and when you don't roll it's gonna get you stuck up
niggaz want what (what), thats what I thought
Dark Man baby, X for short
What, what, what, uh, what, what, uh, what, what
RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!
AAAYYYYOOOOW!
[DMX] Runnin around niggaz like circles I hurt you
"Did I do that" Just like Urkel I jerk you
[Cam] Yo, aiyyo, it's Harlem World NY yo what try yo luck
but I know what niggaz won't know how you're stuck
body right beside your truck, what
[DMX] But they're screamin' I'm screamin' but they're screamin' ice creamin
They should have fuckin' known there was no such thing as an ice demon
[Cam] Aiyyo, you dogs don't play wit me I'll beat yo' ass from A to Z
Bag you up like A & P DMX n' KFC
[DMX] Bench nigga I'm a bless niggaz wit my slugs stress niggaz
I'm a wet niggaz wit my thugs
[Cam] Yo, yo, aiyyo when niggaz like to act ain't no wonder
I creep aiyyo don't make me put your ass nigga, under my feet
[DMX] Ha ha, hold me down baby bark at your dog
let me know if it's real walk in the fog
[Cam] And then we hit 'em
[DMX] Slap 'em
[Cam] Click 'em
[DMX] Cap 'em
[Cam] Stick 'em
[DMX] Tap 'em
[BOTH] Motherfuckers all know how we have 'em, what!
Where my dogs at (what)
Uh, where my dogs at (what, uh)
Uh, where my dogs at (what)
Cam, my nigga
AAAYYYYOOOOW!
DMX, Cam'Ron, Def Jam, Untertainment, what
AAAYYYYOOOOW!
DMX McGruff and Canibus.
You know where you heard it first.
My man Cardin, G Black, Ralph, Universal Records.
Uh [all echoes]. Pure Uncut,
Eightball DMX (What) DMX, McGruff, McGruff, and Canibus, baby.
Yeah, its the Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw.
Its the Pure Uncut, raw we keep it raw. Listen...
Niggas at Ruff Ryders is the illest, baby gorillas
And shit we do today is gon' catch up with us and kill us
Long as I feel this, motherfucker's head is shot
Fucking lead is hot, and leave them dead to rot
Ruff Ryders cut the shit up, like raw keys
Like that crystal aching my last name is Raheed
It can happen niggas, dog keys, and still gun it down
Only cause I know how you look up to a nigga, from the ground
Running clown, you no better, than a braveless heart
For my kids I thank you God
And if you don't know, ask a nigga, that they just put in the ground
Slugs ran out of him, so I must've put in a pound
At least! I gave it to another nigga for lookin
Money, could never stop my slugs from cookin
Remember me, cause I'ma be there when they bury, you
Leave your skeleton in the cemetery
Dum, du-du, dum
Who got the, who got the bum bu-bu bum
We wrap it up and smoke it, sixty green
I'm a fiend for this rap thing
Down South hustiln' and we all about the cream
Stick em up, mad face, car chase through the city
Fuck the police, I'm mad plus I'm going off that gritty
Frank Nitty got a mob down to murder with me
Catch one to stick me, believe it or not, I cripply
I rip thee, back into a stack and flip it like a tech
Pure uncut, tie it up, and watch the fiends come back
Bucklin, real dogs stay around for troublin
Eightball, pick up the ball, when them tricks start bumblin
Rumblin (vrooom) much room, cloud trippin
Victims who lie there die when I be speakin, releasin
You heard me, are you worthy
To ride with the Suave House and get down and dirty
Its the Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw Baby Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw
Its the Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw
(What) Nigga, Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw
Yo; where the fuck is the dough its time to bubble and blow
If I spit this from the back, have em clutchin they toes
Once smoked my lungs out, but now I fuck with my nose
Perform shows, bad bitches crunchin my clothes
Yo I'm 'Gruff, street thug beyond the speakers, beyond the rap
Man I'm on a car and my gat, swarm attack, sip Don and Cognac
Ain't just me, my whole freakin army strapped
Aiyyo, fuck that! And fuck you! Who the fuck you
Touch you, you act like you want trouble
Money don't know you, don't rub you, I got' eat, that's like trying to tell me don't hustle
I gotta blow a couple, niggas away just to show the muscle
Yo, I squeeze till your vocal tussle
Niggas please, I got keys, coke, and snow to bubble
Hoes to cuff you, fuck you, suck the shit out your dick
Sucker for love, think you can fuck with McGruff
Now listen mister
Gruff put your soul in a twister
Just got off the payphone, on a three-way line, with Eightball and Tony Draper
Askin me for a favor
Now let me take it from the top I touch your knot, with the rubber glock
Then I take your title, nigga, fuck your spot
Peace to the players who crush a lot, but they call me Canibus because I bust a lot
You can suck my cock, and got the same transmitted disease your mother got
Being a favorite with me right before she was forced to pop
She came home at four o'clock, was shot, she was riding me on top
I told the bitch to keep the door locked, I know your heating up hot
Because I touched the sure spot, you got defeated and dropped
I punch you in the jaw-ops
You talk dirt, you get dirt thats how I stand on niggas networks
You think that best works You think you can't get hurt
The bitch in you, makes you run for cover when I spit at you
A man-to-man zone Allen Iverson couldn't dribble through
Rapid fire syllables, you gotta bribe me with a mill or two
To keep me from killing you with the lyrical
All you chief executives ampin answer wreckin shit
See, what goes around comes around, bitch
(spoken)
Let us pray.
I thank you Lord for my birth, and everythings thats followed.
I thank you Lord for today, and I will pray for tomorrow.
I thank you Lord for the love of my life and a friend.
I made a promise, and I'm lovin' my wife 'til the end.
I thank you Lord for your guidance, cause thats all that counts.
And right here, right NOW, Lord this is your house.
I thank you Lord for a dream that came true to light.
And I ask you to bless everybody in this room tonight.
I don't always do the right thing, and I ask you to forgive me.
Cause I need you here wit me, without you in my life it's empty.
I think back to how some people did me like, violence was the remedy.
And because I think of that now, I pray for my enemy.
Not because of what I'll do, but because they don't know.
There's somethin' better after here, but everybody, won't go.
So I ask you to forgive them, and we'll hope they see.
And I thank you for the love that, they've given to me.
I will not abuse it, nor will I lead them astray.
See, I love 'em like children, that I see everyday.
And I pray, no WE pray together, get us through the bad weather,
and we love you forever.
Let your thought, and my heart, go hand in hand.
I first thought, but to start, but I stand a man.
And for as long as I can, as long as you permit me.
Please give me, the strength I need to live.
Bare wit me.
Amen.
We each walk the path, that we've chosen.
(sung)
I'm ready to meet him, cause where I'm livin aint right.
Black hate white, white hate black, it's right back to the same fight.
They got us suspectin' a war, but the real war is to follow the law of
the Lord.
Lord you left me stranded, and I don't know why.
Told me to live my life, and now I'm ready to die.
Ready to fly, I cry but I shed no tears.
You told me you were dead.
Those fears, is for years.
Snakes still comin' at me, just missin'.
Somtimes I think that all you do at me, is just listen.
I thought that I was special, that's what you told me.
Hold me, stop actin' like you don't know me!
When I do so bad that it sends you away from me.
Not only sent you away, but made you stay away from me.
"My child, I'm here as I've always been. It is you who in a way, and
now I'm back again. What did I say?"
Follow your word and be true.
"What did you do?"
Well, what I wanted to do.
"What have you seen?"
Darkness and Hell at a glance.
"What do you want?"
All I want is another chance!
Ready to meet him, cause I'm livin' aint right.
Black hate white, white hate black, it's right back to the same fight.
They got us suspectin' a war, but the real war is to follow the law
of the Lord.
I'm ready to meet him, cause where I'm livin' aint right.
Black hate white, white hate black, it's right back to the same fight.
They got us suspectin' a war, but the real war is to follow the law
of the Lord.
"Just because you went away, my doors are not locked. When you
come back home, all you gotta do is knock."
You see, I left home a boy, but returned as a man.
Full grown, but I am still not able to stand.
"I gave you a hand!"
But I was lookin' the wrong way.
Figured out the plan, then I started to pray.
And that prayer, took me from here, to over there.
Back to over here, now it got me like, "Where?"
Do I belong? Do I fit in?
Things on my mind, where do I begin?
It's easier to sin, but it hurts my heart.
I'm really tryin' to win, so where do we start?
"Thou shalt not steal!"
But what if he stole from me?
"Thou shalt not kill!"
But what if he's tryin' to kill me?
"Thou shalt not take my name in vain, no matter how hard it rains,
withstand the pain."
Ready to meet him, cause where I'm livin' aint right.
Black hate white, white hate black, it's right back to the same fight.
They got us suspectin' a war, but the real war, is to follow the law
of the Lord.
I'm ready to meet him, cause where I'm livin' aint right.
Black hate white, white hate black, it's right back to the same fight.
They got us suspectin' a war, but the real war is to follow the law
of the Lord.
I'm ready to meet him.
Our Father, who art in heaven.
I'm not ashamed to ask for guidance at 27.
No longer afraid to knock on your door!
Not scared anymore to lose my life in a war!
After what I just saw, I'm ridin' with the Lord.
Cause I really can't afford to lose my head by the sword.
But now that I've seen, what I need to see, please take me where I
need to be...
"What have you learned?"
It's better to tell the truth than a lie!
"What have you learned?"
To love my life, until I die!
"What have you learned?"
Violence isn't always the key!
"What have you learned?"
You can't always believe what you see!
"What have you learned?"
It's better to forgive and forget!
"What have you learned?"
Give as you expect to get!
"What have you learned?"'
That I can't go on without you!
"What have you learned?"
I must have been a fool to ever doubt you!
Ready to meet him, cause where I'm livin' aint right.
Black hate white, white hate black, it's right back to the same fight.
They got us suspectin' a war, but the real war, is to follow the law
of the Lord.
I'm ready to meet him, cause where I'm livin' aint right.
Black hate white, white hate black, it's right back to the same fight.
They got us suspectin' a war, but the real war is to follow the law
of the Lord.
I'm ready to meet him.(x5)
Yo if gon' sleep on somethin, might as well be a bed
And if you gon' crack a nigga, might as well be a head
Cause if you targettin the L.O.X.
You might as as well target a box
That you gon' sleep in for years, all covered wit rocks
Cause I think not, I pop shots, I double what y'all got
Ya hotshots aint got blocks, ya punta muchacha
From the days in school, now a motherfucker rule
And I could drop my chain in court, yeah, keeps ya cool
That's how ice be, I'm priceless, the iciest
And I dont gotta wear fatigues to blow out your chest
My bullets thump when I'm laced in some fly shit, punk
The baby nine be on the daily, aint no poppin a trunk
But if I pop the trunk, its to hand you a rag
So you can wipe down the windows on the side of my Jag
Must I brag? My shit paid for, yours tagged
And every bitch you grabbed, Sheek bend em back
Ayo I hope you aint tongue-kissin your spouse
Cause I be fuckin her in the mouth
Type of nigga buck at your house
Too slick, means she be suckin my dick
And before you know it, I'ma have her stuffin my bricks
Jada, if I kiss you now, you'll die later
I been nice since niggaz was watchin movies on Beta
Ready to clap, everybody givin me gats
Cause believe it or not, we be the ones settin the traps
You listen to y'all shit, then listen to our shit
Ain't nuttin y'all faggots could do but gossip
That's the reason now y'all niggaz ain't got shit
Cause everytime I turn around y'all on the L.O.X. dick
Niggaz thats narrow, I just smack em wit the barrel
Give it to em at the light, like Kane's cousin Harold
Chorus: repeat 4X
The Ruff Ryders! (What?) The Ruff Ryders
Fuck you and your son, y'all low wit the scum
Show me the money, I'll show you a gun, motherfucker
SP'll spin the corner while you parle' with dun
I clap you, I clap him, and thats rule number one
Suckin my dick, and I dont give a fuck what you spit
Who you are, where you from, and who the fuck you can get
Cause I sell records, plus I got a jail record
Y'all niggaz ain't sayin shit until y'all bare weapons
And even when you dead, you can still fuckin get it
A nigga that'll smack ya, fuck around and clap ya
Styles P., your favorite rapper's favorite rapper
Aint no surprise niggaz, only fuck wit recognized niggaz
Babygirl want the world, gave ya pies niggaz
No tops, take em in all shape and size niggaz
No lie, prefer them ready do or die niggaz
What? What you want? cutey starin at me like
"Damn, where you from?" You be comin at me like
"Can I get some?" Lick your lips for this brown sugar
Suck mine like a thumb, if you want, til I come, uh
I be the D-R, A-G, dash O-N, slash often
Comma, burnin niggas often
They call me Drag-On, I'm hot scorchin
Keep the block roastin
Light a dutch wit the flames comin, toastin
In my eyes you could see what summer's holdin
Realizin, every guy I'll fry or dead rowdy
I burn to a degree of 130, and my gun dirty
Cause it got one bury, so you better run, hurry
Or catch one early
You wrong, tryin to touch me, what type of shit you on?
You better through your boots on and your unflammable suits on
Cause I'm comin through wit a Yukon
Black tinted wit gats in it
Catch you while you smokin, send your casket, throw the sack in it
But only half of it, cause y'all like half-ass dude
And we are one whole, and y'all niggaz is one slash two
My gun blast you, tryna out the flames, what're you, firemen?
You'll catch a hell of a backdraft
cause my fire retirin, aight then
Its my, survival instinct that keeps my head above the water
Everyday I show another how a I love a slaughter
Flood your daughter, full of more holes than spurges
Taxin businessmen for stocks over lunches
Wit these, I shoot the breeze, and extort
Enough keys from the Cuban, to build a fuckin fort
Caught up in somethin that I cant control
Tryna get a hold of a bankroll, let's role
Catch bodies like a cold, and I stay slick so face it
Make me chase it, I take your life and erase it
Waste it, in the fuckin streets cause it ain't worth shit
The undertaker take your ass under the earth quick, I
Love money, but the scrambles hot
So i snatch up my man and the gamblin spot
Twenty grand is got, one niggaz shot, one nigga less
What used to be his chest is now a mess under his fuckin vest
THIS...IS...MY...LIFE
Chorus
(Right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Made me a leader before I was ready to lead
Took away my hunger, but didn't give me greed
Made me successful, when I just wanted to be heard
Give me the light, cause all I need is the word
Give me a life, that I'm responsible for
I'll give him what's right, cause I'm responsible for him
And into the night, I'm gonna be there with him
Facing a fight, I be right there with him
Ready for Heaven, cause I done been through the Hell
And since I was seven, I've had a story to tell
See God is great, and that's why I'm still livin'
He gave to me, so I'ma keep on givin'
The bravery of a man's mind is slavery
Is making me the man I was made to be
I hate to see when cats know but don't spit it
Right is wrong, when it's on you gon' get it
Chorus
I wake up frustrated dog, I'm hurtin' inside
Think about the brothers that put in, work and then died
A certain have tried, a certain have cried
When it didn't go right, you hit me like
You see things ain't always what they seem to be
And the reason I dream of thee is He's with me
And the reason I get through things so easily
Is by the grace of God cause he, see's the need to guide me
Walk right beside me
Because he knows what's going on inside me, he tried me
Knew where my heart was at
Knew what I was thinking
Knew when I was down and out, left there mistaken
Knew when to pick me up, cause it got too hard
Knew when I was gonna scream out "Please God!"
And you already knew that you would be there for me
That's why I bring you together to give you the glory
Chorus
Everyday of life is a new chapter
And it's already been foretold, so it's up to the soul to capture
The essence of it all, the meek shall inherit the earth
Destined to ride with the call from birth
The true worth of a man, is not measured by what he does for himself but
What he does for someone else
And if you help another, without concern for a reward of gold
What you give, you shall receive to tenfold
And I, put that on my soul
And, put that on my life
And, everything I own
And, everything I know
And, everything I show is what I was meant to do
Everything I told you is what I've been through
And everywhere I been, I was for a reason
Walk through the desert, ended up freezing
Start there, end up where?
And now they know...whatever which way they go
Chorus
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go
They know they gonna owe
They soul to the road they choose
It don't matter if you win or loose
You still gotta pay them dues
You still gotta pay them dues
You still gotta pay them dues
If I'm gonna rob, I'ma rob all night (yeah!)
If
I'm lookin' for something' then it's probly a fight
If I'm gonna fuck bitches
then they better be tight
If that's dead, then the head better be right
(C'mon)
Here we go again, fuckin right
Dog man X
baby, dog for life
Know how this shit go, built off fights
Bitch dog be
like "AIGH, AIGH, AIGH"
OOH, this rap shit be getting kinda hectic
It's
not a game nigga, cats don't respect it
Real shit's been neglected for far
too long
Let's get it on!
I jump off slugs like packages from UPS
But
you run when you see X
Pull out the front when you see Tex
POW, the light
is what you see next
Fuck who you listenin' to, I'm the badest
Any niggaz
in the industry is faggots
Due alone niggaz don't want no static
Whent hey
say who shot J R it won't be Dalas
Y'all niggaz don't know how the dog livin'
No matter what I do I
keep on winnin'
Can't stop me now. It's just the beginning'
Gon' be there
'till the endin'
In 2005 you won't know
Stop, drop, open up shot, let 'em
go
Hit 'em with the same flow I hit 'em with before
This time I'm goin'
around the back door
Got me like "GOD!" you niggaz is stupid
Get the drum
crack 4 bars, horn then loop it
Same shit that you did to me, took what you
did
Got niggaz movin', but not institution
Dog done did it again, uh uh
(WHAT?)
Dog is in it to win, uh huh (WHAT?)
Dog did a nigga and then, uh
huh (WHAT?)
You thought dog was afraid? Nah ah (Come
on)
My niggaz, some niggaz you
don't wanna try
But then again, I be that one to bust a nigga in his eye
I
don't give a fuck bitch all my niggaz ready to die
Hit you with the things so
you niggaz ready to fly
You don't want no more
Bring all ya got to even
the score
E5 is HOT? You want more?
You really don't know what you're
askin' for
Listen old man, don't do that
We all dogs over here, don't act
like a cat
We like, touch balls, round table with a bat
Start with the
cheers, "Crack, crack, crack!"
Play the fucking track!
Play that fucking track!!
Oh there it is
Limp bizkit, dmx, redman, method man
That's right y'all
We just keep on rollin baby
Are you ready...
Are you ready...
Are you ready!!!
Move in now move out!
Hands up, now hands down!
Back up! back up!
Tell me what you gonna do now!
Breathe in, now breathe out!
Hands up, now hands down!
Back up! back up!
Tell me what you gonna do now! Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin
Now I know y'all be lovin this shit right here
L I m p bizkit is right here
People in the house put them hands in the air
Cuz if you don't care, than we don't care
See i, ain't givin a fuck, quit pressin your luck
Untouchable, branded unfuckable
So keep me in this tape, until you run that mouth
Then i'ma hafta play, and break the fuck out
And then we'll see you slept after one round wit x
And what am I bringin next, just know it's red and meth
So where the fuck you at punk, shut the fuck up
And back the fuck up, while we fuck this track up
Are you ready...
Are you ready...
Are you ready!!!
Oh what, y'all thought y'all wasn't gon? see me?
Check my, dangerous slang atrocious
When I let these nuts hang, focus, it's wu tang
What the fuck's a hootie and the blowfish
I wave my black flag at the roaches
Who approaches, these twin, supersoakers
Who have poisonous darts for culprits
Too late to get your blow gun un-holstered
You're left buttered up and lightly toasted
So what, I drink and smoke too much
So what I cuss too much, *shut the fuck up!*
Yo, yo, now when we roll
You motherfuckers tuck in your gold
Cuz for the platinum, I'm jackin niggas up in limos
It ain't nothin, for bullets to unbutton your clothes
Description, yellow male, tissue up in his nose
You bitches, swing the vine on the bathroom nuts
I'm hairy as hell, outta hell and tattoed up
I'm a dog only fuck in the bathroom, what
In high school, I dealt only with the classroom sluts
My name is, johnny, donnie, brasco
Tuck the gat low, cut your cash flow
Yell if you want money, funny
A hungry dummy snatch crumbs from me
Doc and hot niks, bodies in the mosh pit
Yo, and I'm the d.o., you lookin at the raw invented
On friday, I spit 35 to 40 minutes
Smell up, the bathroom like craig paul was in it
Endin up, on your back, wu swords up in it
Anyone can match me I crack ?em all to guinness
Fuck how many thugs, players, and ballers in it
Brick city, shaolin, better call us sinners
Boys that'll run up in your wife, maul and spill it
Ppppppp p- p- pow!
Yo we said c'mon!!
[dmx] it just don't get no darker than that kid with the barker
Bald head with the boots who shoots to make it spark
I'm a fair nigga, but ain't nann nigga
Quicker than the hand trigga, so if you dare nigga
It'll be like your man tryin to hold your brain to your head
But you'll be shittin on yourslef cuz you already dead
And at the funeral you won't need a casket
Leavin just enough of him to stuff in a basket
Just get the casket, I really need my ass kicked
My mom never let me forget, that I'm a bastard
I ain't never been shit, and ain't gon? be shit
That's why I taste shit, whenever I see shit
It's just that d shit, d's short for do what I wanna do
And that's what I'm gonna do, right here in front of you
And I'll be runnin you and your man straight up out
And y'all niggas ain't runnin a fuckin thing but your mouth
Aaaaaaaahhh!!!
You, wanna mess with limp bizkit You can't mess with limp bizkit Because we get it on, [when? ] every day and every night See this platinum thing right here? Well we doin it all the time So you better get some better beats
And uh, get some better rhymes You really, really, really wanna get shit started
Well people everywhere just get retarded
Get retarded, get retarded, people everywhere just get retarded!
That's right baby!
Watch out punk!
Limp bizkit! dmx! method man! redman!
And swizz beatz!
Where the fuck you at? ! Bump that shit! bump that shit! bump that shit! bump that shit!
Ruff ryders! punk!
Play the fucking track!
Play that fucking track!!
Oh there it is
Limp Bizkit, DMX, Redman, Method Man
That's right y'all
We just keep on rollin baby
Are you ready...
Are you ready...
Are you ready!!!
Move in now move out!
Hands up, now hands down!
Back up! Back up!
Tell me what you gonna do now!
Breathe in, now breathe out!
Hands up, now hands down!
Back up! Back up!
Tell me what you gonna do now! Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin
Now I know y'all be lovin this shit right here
L I M P Bizkit is right here
People in the house put them hands in the air
Cuz if you don't care, than we don't care
See I, aint givin a fuck, quit pressin your luck
Untouchable, branded unfuckable
So keep me in this tape, until you run that mouth
Then I'ma hafta play, and break the fuck out
And then we'll see you slept after one round wit X
And what am I bringin next, just know it's Red and Meth
So where the fuck you at punk, shut the fuck up
And back the fuck up, while we fuck this track up
Are you ready...
Are you ready...
Are you ready!!!
Oh what, y'all thought y'all wasn't gon' see me
Check my, dangerous slang atrocious
When I let these nuts hang, focus, it's Wu Tang
What the fuck's a Hootie and the Blowfish
I wave my black flag at the roaches
Who approaches, these twin, supersoakers
Who have poisonous darts for culprits
Too late to get your blow gun un-holstered
You're left buttered up and lightly toasted
So what, I drink and smoke too much
So what I cuss too much, *shut the fuck up!*
Yo, yo, now when we roll
You motherfuckers tuck in your gold
Cuz for the platinum, I'm jackin niggas up in limos
It aint nothin, for bullets to unbutton your clothes
Description, yellow male, tissue up in his nose
You bitches, swing the vine on the bathroom nuts
I'm hairy as hell, outta hell and tattoed up
I'm a dog only fuck in the bathroom, what
In high school, I dealt only with the classroom sluts
My name is, Johnny, Donnie, Brasco
Tuck the gat low, cut your cash flow
Yell if you want money, funny
A hungry dummy snatch crumbs from me
Doc and Hot Niks, bodies in the mosh pit
Yo, and I'm the D.O., you lookin at the raw invented
On Friday, I spit 35 to 40 minutes
Smell up, the bathroom like Craig Paul was in it
Endin up, on your back, Wu swords up in it
Anyone can match me I crack 'em all to Guinness
Fuck how many thugs, players, and ballers in it
Brick City, Shaolin, better call us sinners
Boys that'll run up in your wife, maul and spill it
PPPPPPP P- P- POW!
Yo we said c'mon!!
[DMX] It just don't get no darker than that kid with the barker
Bald head with the boots who shoots to make it spark
I'm a fair nigga, but aint nann nigga
Quicker than the hand trigga, so if you dare nigga
It'll be like your man tryin to hold your brain to your head
But you'll be shittin on yourslef cuz you already dead
And at the funeral you won't need a casket
Leavin just enough of him to stuff in a basket
Just get the casket, I really need my ass kicked
My mom never let me forget, that I'm a bastard
I aint never been shit, and aint gon' be shit
That's why I taste shit, whenever I see shit
It's just that D shit, D's short for do what I wanna do
And that's what I'm gonna do, right here in front of you
And I'll be runnin you and your man straight up out
And y'all niggas aint runnin a fuckin thing but your mouth
AAAAAAAAHHH!!!
You, wanna mess with Limp Bizkit You can't mess with Limp Bizkit Because we get it on, [when] every day and every night See this platinum thing right here Well we doin it all the time So you better get some better beats
And uh, get some better rhymes You really, really, really wanna get shit started
Well people everywhere just get retarded
Get retarded, get retarded, people everywhere just get retarded!
That's right baby!
Watch out punk!
Limp Bizkit! DMX! Method Man! Redman!
And Swizz Beatz!
Where the fuck you at! Bump that shit! Bump that shit! Bump that shit! Bump that shit!
Ruff Ryders! Punk!
[Man] Are you gone mofuckin' play my shit?
[DJ] Mmm Mmmammm
[Man] Take that shit off
[Man] You's gonna play tha shh... my shit
[DJ] Yea, yea I'ma play
[Man] Mothafuckin you start it
[Man] What I see
[DJ] Hold All The play everything...every song you have man
[Man] Bad motahfucka imma put that shit on ya hands
[People Laughin' at DJ] Ah ah ah ah
DMX: UH
DMX: Sumtin' new
Stop,Drop
Shut 'em down open up shop
OOOOHHHHH! NNNNNNNOOOOO!
That's how Ruff Ryders Roll
(2x)
~1 DMX~
Snitches wana try (what)
Snitches wana lie (what)
Snitches wonder why (what)
Snitches wana die (what)
All I know is pain (what)
All I feel is rain (what)
I cannot maintain (what)
With maddness on my brain (what)
I resort to violence (what)
My killers move in silence (what)
Like you don't know what our style is (what)
New York killers the wildest (what)
My dogz is wit' it (what)
You want it come and get it (what)
Took it then we split it (what)
Damn right we did it (what)
What the F you gon' do (what)
When we run up on you (what)
You messin' wit' da wrong crew (what)
You don't know what we gon' through (what)
I'm gon' have to show (what)
How easily we blow (what)
When you gon' find out there's some mo' (what)
That's runnin' with yo (what)
There's nuthin' we can't handle (what)
Break it up and dismantle (what)
Light it up like a candle (what)
Just cuz I can't stand you (what)
Put my ish on tapes (what)
Like you bustin' grapes (what)
Think you holdin weight? (what)
Hey you haven't met the apes (what)
Stop,Drop
Shut 'em down open up shop
OOOOHHHHH! NNNNNNNOOOOO!
That's how Ruff Ryders Roll
(2x)
~2 DMX~
Yo is ya'll people crazy (what)
I'll bust you and be swazy (what)
Stop actin' like a baby (what)
Mind yo' bizness lady (what)
Nozey people get it too (what)
When you see my spit at you (what)
You know I'm tryin' to get rid of you (what)
Yeah I know it's pitaful (what)
That's how killers get down (what)
Watch my killers spit rounds (what)
Make you suckas kiss ground (what)
That's for talkin' ish, clown (what)
Oh you think it's funny (what)
Then you don't know me money (what)
It's about to get ugly (what)
Whateva dog, I'm hungry (what)
I guess you know what that means (what)
Come up off that green (what)
pry niggaz offa me (what)
Don't make it a murder scene (what)
Give a dog a bone (what) GGGGGRRRRRR!
Leave a dog alone (what) GGGGGRRRRRR!
Let a dog roam (what) and he'll find his way home (what)
GGGGGRRRRRR!
Home of the brave (what)
My home is a cave (what)
And yo I'm a slave (what) to my home is the grave (what)
I'm gon' pull papers (what)
It's all about the papers (what)
Chickens talkin' the paper (what)
And now thay wana rape us (what)
Stop,Drop
Shut 'em down open up shop
OOOOHHHHH! NNNNNNNOOOOO!
That's how Ruff Ryders Roll
(2x)
~3 DMX~
MAN! Look what you done started (what)
Ask for it and you got it (what)
Had it should of shot it (what)
Now yo' dearly' departed (what)
Get at me dog that I rip ish (what)
With this one here I flip ish (what)
ziggas know when I kick ish (what)
Gon' be some slick ish (what)
What was that look for (what)
When I walked in the door (what)
Oh you thought you was raw (what)
BOOOM! not any more (what)
Cuz now you on the floor (what)
Wishin' you never saw (what)
Me walk through that door (what)
With that 4 4 (what)
Now it's time for bed (what)
2 mo' to da head (what)
Got the floor red (what)
Yeah that magget's dead (what)
Another unsolved mystery (what)
It's gon' down in history (what)
n***** ain't ever did ish to me (what)
b**** @$$ ziggans can't get to me (what)
Gots to make a move (what)
Gotta point to prove (what)
Gotta make 'em groove (what)
Got 'em all like oooo (what)
So 'til the next time (what)
You hear this dog ryme (what)
Try to keep yo mind (what)
On gettin' (uhhh) and crime (what)
Stop,Drop
Shut 'em down open up shop
OOOOHHHHH! NNNNNNNOOOOO!
That's how Ruff Ryders Roll
(GUNFIRE!!)
TALK IS CHEAP MUTHAuffcka
This thing right here is for my people
In the streets,
(swizz beats),and this thing right here will
Take ya ass of ya feet.
Verse one: drag-on
They call me drag-on
It's time to ball
Im gonna burn'em all
To they all say turn'em off
These chips i gonna earn'em all
Chicken heads know i be the kernall
Cause i burn internall
Mixed with the inferno
So be careful for i burn you
You better learn duke
Yeah, i heard you
But i'm gonna hurt you
What you don't know
Ours verse who?
Is a virtue
Ruff ryders be the team
Which means
A lot of cream
Runin' skeems
Stunnin' beams
To make ya'll stop drop right on the scene
This nigga here is to hot
And to much
For you to touch
Betta tell ya man
If two touch
Then he too will get you bust
You bust?
We do
You can ask people
But quitly
They don't believe us til they lead violate
Is you buyin' this
Cause niggaz that purchase
Is under the dirt kid
They call me drag-on
I'm the youngest
But get bunka's
Callabo wit' my dogz from yonka's
Plus these bronx bomba's
Spittin' flame to the gutta
But ya all get flamed
Chorus x2: DMX
My dogz gon' stop
Ya'll dogz gon' drop
Then we gon'
Shut'em down open up shop
First we had'em like ooohhhh
Now they like nnnooo
What baby, thats how ruff ryders roll
Verse two: jadakiss
When i pop up
I lock shop up
Pull the drop up
Park a block up
Hit the alarm put the top up
Stash the dro in my sock
Then pull my sock up
Keep the burner
But if it's hot put my glock up
You know what i'm about
Slidin' off get my cock sucked
Writin' rhymes watchin' scarface in the hot tub
What you wanna bet
When i pull it out
If you don't shout
Then every bullet will go in and out
Who you besides kiss take a piss
In a bottle of cryse (crystal)
Then give it to a modelin' bitch
And you like ya watch plain
I'ma flood mine
Alligator bloodeline
Trade the finest coke
And write one time
Verse 3: styles
Ya niggaz ain't hearin' me out
Til i pop up appear in ya house
Clearin' it out holiday style
Everybody actin' violent and wild
Snatch the wife silence the child
Thats how we move
Kill me, my man kill you
Thats how you lose
I ruff ryde
I don't like to slide felt that i sliped
And the gunz only helpin' the clip
And the clips only my hand
And like who the fuck is helpin' ya man
When i cock back and hop the van
Double r
Get a jar
Play the shit in the car
Hit the party start a fight at the bar
Snatch ya r (rolex)
Sell ya shit for some coke
And get the fuck out the dogde
Verse four: E-V-E
Cats you, figga
That my niggaz flippa
With the trigger
News teams crowd around try to flick a picture
Get wit ya, this bitch runnin'it down to ya quicka
Nigga not makin' sence
Betta stay up off the liquor
Blonde bomb shell
Karamel, heavy spitta
Groupies sayin' i'm they sista
Hush ya mouth for i hit ya
Sickenin' wise guys and thugs and bullshitta's
Take you for a ride cover up ya eyes
Then i hit ya
Used to be shya now i'm a ruff ryda
Fake niggaz play me close
When they used to ride by ya
Snatchin' up ya figures frontin' know
You niggas, hatta's screamin'
Who that bitch
Mind ya business nigga
Chorus x2
Verse 5: DMX
X is gonna hit ya niggaz hard
Leave ya niggaz scared
Fuckin' wit' the dog
When you fuckin wit' the god
Rip that niggaz heart
Faggot niggaz saw
Remember me from up north
I had you scared to cough
My name is ringin' bells
In penatentary cells
I makin' thugs rebell
It ain't hard to tell
You never really wanted it
Saw the mic yo jumped in front of it
Out of sixteen i'm gonna hit
Which one of you niggaz am i gonna get
Thought you knew what i was gonna spit
This time, wit' this rhyme
By the end of it
Ya niggaz is gon' be like yo x riped it
Did my thing as usual it's never gon' stop
You cats can't be for real i got this shit locked
It's not a game or a joke
To my name or get smoked
Simple as that simple as black
To the throught
Hit'em all under the coat
Now you losen' yo life
Rrrrrrrrr a dog is a dog for life.
Yo if gon' sleep on somethin, might as well be a bed
And if you gon' crack a nigga, might as well be a head
Cause if you targettin the L.O.X.
You might as as well target a box
That you gon' sleep in for years, all covered wit rocks
Cause I think not, I pop shots, I double what y'all got
Ya hotshots aint got blocks, ya punta muchacha
From the days in school, now a motherfucker rule
And I could drop my chain in court, yeah, keeps ya cool
That's how ice be, I'm priceless, the iciest
And I dont gotta wear fatigues to blow out your chest
My bullets thump when I'm laced in some fly shit, punk
The baby nine be on the daily, aint no poppin a trunk
But if I pop the trunk, its to hand you a rag
So you can wipe down the windows on the side of my Jag
Must I brag? My shit paid for, yours tagged
And every bitch you grabbed, Sheek bend em back
Ayo I hope you aint tongue-kissin your spouse
Cause I be fuckin her in the mouth
Type of nigga buck at your house
Too slick, means she be suckin my dick
And before you know it, I'ma have her stuffin my bricks
Jada, if I kiss you now, you'll die later
I been nice since niggaz was watchin movies on Beta
Ready to clap, everybody givin me gats
Cause believe it or not, we be the ones settin the traps
You listen to y'all shit, then listen to our shit
Ain't nuttin y'all faggots could do but gossip
That's the reason now y'all niggaz ain't got shit
Cause everytime I turn around y'all on the L.O.X. dick
Niggaz thats narrow, I just smack em wit the barrel
Give it to em at the light, like Kane's cousin Harold
Chorus: repeat 4X
The Ruff Ryders! (What?) The Ruff Ryders
Fuck you and your son, y'all low wit the scum
Show me the money, I'll show you a gun, motherfucker
SP'll spin the corner while you parle' with dun
I clap you, I clap him, and thats rule number one
Suckin my dick, and I dont give a fuck what you spit
Who you are, where you from, and who the fuck you can get
Cause I sell records, plus I got a jail record
Y'all niggaz ain't sayin shit until y'all bare weapons
And even when you dead, you can still fuckin get it
A nigga that'll smack ya, fuck around and clap ya
Styles P., your favorite rapper's favorite rapper
Aint no surprise niggaz, only fuck wit recognized niggaz
Babygirl want the world, gave ya pies niggaz
No tops, take em in all shape and size niggaz
No lie, prefer them ready do or die niggaz
What? What you want? cutey starin at me like
"Damn, where you from?" You be comin at me like
"Can I get some?" Lick your lips for this brown sugar
Suck mine like a thumb, if you want, til I come, uh
I be the D-R, A-G, dash O-N, slash often
Comma, burnin niggas often
They call me Drag-On, I'm hot scorchin
Keep the block roastin
Light a dutch wit the flames comin, toastin
In my eyes you could see what summer's holdin
Realizin, every guy I'll fry or dead rowdy
I burn to a degree of 130, and my gun dirty
Cause it got one bury, so you better run, hurry
Or catch one early
You wrong, tryin to touch me, what type of shit you on?
You better through your boots on and your unflammable suits on
Cause I'm comin through wit a Yukon
Black tinted wit gats in it
Catch you while you smokin, send your casket, throw the sack in it
But only half of it, cause y'all like half-ass dude
And we are one whole, and y'all niggaz is one slash two
My gun blast you, tryna out the flames, what're you, firemen?
You'll catch a hell of a backdraft
cause my fire retirin, aight then
Its my, survival instinct that keeps my head above the water
Everyday I show another how a I love a slaughter
Flood your daughter, full of more holes than spurges
Taxin businessmen for stocks over lunches
Wit these, I shoot the breeze, and extort
Enough keys from the Cuban, to build a fuckin fort
Caught up in somethin that I cant control
Tryna get a hold of a bankroll, let's role
Catch bodies like a cold, and I stay slick so face it
Make me chase it, I take your life and erase it
Waste it, in the fuckin streets cause it ain't worth shit
The undertaker take your ass under the earth quick, I
Love money, but the scrambles hot
So i snatch up my man and the gamblin spot
Twenty grand is got, one niggaz shot, one nigga less
What used to be his chest is now a mess under his fuckin vest
(Background talking)
Knumskull (DMX)
Yeah Yeah, now we on the west coast (nigga),
Hooked up with my partners, Ruff Ryders,
To represent the turf,
Come to lay down the turf stories,
To represent real brothers gettin money, on the paper chase (nigga),
We gon start off with my man, so, you know what I'm sayin, DMX let em know.
DMX:
Niggas is gettin trampled on, what's all the fuss about?
Suckin my dick so hard, I'm bustin in their mouth.
And then I stuff em out, four to the mid', fuck what I did
With no regard for a bid, ripped you up, while you wit your kid
Slid into the shadows, cause I'm dark like that
I bark like that, jet black, but I spark like that
Where ARE they at, when I get thirsty, shit
Ain't a nigga strong enough to stand the worst it gets
Bits, and pieces are all thats that left
Niggaz so scared to death, they hold they motherfuckin breath
Til I pass, cause they asked, and I smelled em
The S-P-E-L-L-E-D T-H-E-M, I spelled em
To make me have to swell one, eye up, lump up one head
Catch a body with the shottie, pump up one dead
Red alert, niggaz is about to get hurt, do work
to skirts, like a jag on the merk, ARF
Night time is the right time for creepin
Vandalize your crib, rape your wife while she's sleepin
I been off the deep end, since I was semen
That's why now, I'm such a motherfuckin demon!
SCREAMIN, my bloody head off, shit on my mind I gotsta get off
Can't even hold a joint, lest I let off
A couple of rounds, from the big three pound, seven
That's about eleven hundred as of now.
Chorus- (2 times)
Yukmouth (DMX):
We ride, side to side, guys back to back, (nigga)
Surrounded by a wolfpack, tryin to scrap with gats,
You betta ride or die, nigga ride or die, (uh huh, uh huh)
You gotta ride or die, nigga ride or die!
Drag-On:
I put a grenade in your pocket to blow your arms out,
Put something black in your moms mouth, ya'll cats better calm down,
This rap shit is Drag-On's now, if I catch ya'll clowns,
No question what I axe (ask) ya'll clowns, I'ma gat ya'll down,
For the benjamin bills, I shoulda been killed,
I keeps it real though,
For these plats though I leave nothin but widows,
You're a gang, but so what, can you really bang with us?
Be like a phone, cause we off the hook,
And ya'll better hang it up,
I stay high, but I don't plan to go to heaven,
I plan to burn like the furnace, til ya'll learn,
Even if it's with the burners,
Until your mom can dish straight, forget her son,
To give her the dick, tore a clip and I stripped her one,
For that's dragon, that's the one,
What's blastin, that's his gun,
Who's lastin, no one,
So if you splashin to blow one,
Like I said before, I'ma lock it down like Shaqula
So make your sister be the ??? and none back to her.
Yukmouth:
After midnight, busta niggas can't even hang out,
Niggas on the west, we put them dank things out,
Drive by and try to blow them fuckin brains out,
And cocaine drought,
survive and reside with a new click,
But use the same route,
Pull the range out,
Get brains pal, while I'm drivin,
Live and direct, front five and a tech,
Stash in the Range, but nine in the Lex,
Got bitches, shining briggets, for me,
Grindin correct, for me,
Signin off checks, for me,
Send a bitch outta town, now she buyin the bricks, for me,
Passes from the brick, homie,
Keep grindin with your click, homie,
Cause on top there's no way,
Cock your chromayy,
Stock your monayyy,
Feds caught the homayyy,
It's just the monay got coppers on mayyy,
Helicopters on mayyy, bust off the blockers phonayyy,
Ramshack this house, put choppers on it,
Bitches safe and shit, niggas takin shit,
Break his wrist, pistol whipping duck tape his bitch.
Chorus (2 times)
Yukmouth:
Bitch, to all my niggas locked in Rita and Simson,
We still the ice cream men,
Just switched it up from a truck to a great benz,
We made men, and kingpins, triple-beam men,
Give me a quarter key, I bet I flip a key,
By the weekend, our styles are grand theiven,
If not, niggas ain't leavin,
Unless they bleed the demon prayer from my deacon,
In front of the casket, you done it you bastard,
I pack mathematics to keep it crackin,
Head ride to ask it, BITCH!
DMX:
How-can-one-man-kill-so-many-and
the-sin-be-plenty-before-the-age-of-20,
Life ain't worth a penny in, my book faggot,
That's why I took faggot shit, I'm a crook faggot,
Fat loops leather jackets, I bag it, along with,
The jewels smackin tools out the hands of fools,
On the strength that they don't know what they holdin,
Niggaz called me TAILOR cause the WAY that I be sewin,
Shit up cause I get up, off my ass and SKATE
Makin more moves than U-Haul, from state to state
I speak the GREAT, and if a nigga tells you different
You turn around you ask the nigga, "FUCK is you be sniffin?"
Cause when it come to riffin, I am the riff raffin,
Gots to say nuttin, niggaz know they get half,
And I can still laugh, at those who's toes I'm steppin on,
Disrespect and pulling out a weapon on,
Nice joint, I know you wish you coulda kept it on,
But that's another story, don't even sweat, it's gone (echo gone).
Man, y'all rap niggas is high fashion
Flashin, talker, no action
Read emcees like TV's with captions
Charts we smash on, guns we blast them
Spit fire like blow dryers and drag dash on
Your career won't last long, real name Shawn Lassiter
Four words for y'all, F type no passenger
Flow nastier, man you know what I mean
And I keep them diamonds shinin blue, yellow, and green
So the wrist look like a twister mat
Man, I cock the biscuit back and twist ya cap
Opps, clipped ya face just missed ya hat
This go out to those that think this just a rap
Well mister, address the gat and we'll address ya back
Nasty, nasty, spittin discusting raps
And I doubt that cha'll cats can fuck with that
You don't wanna war, you don't wanna drummer boy
These Ryde Or Die Boyz will rough you up
You don't wanna war, you don't wanna drummer boy
These Ryde Or Die Boyz will touch you up
You don't wanna war, you don't wanna drummer boy
These Ryde Or Die Boyz will bust you up
You don't wanna war, you don't wanna drummer boy
You don't want no drummer boy
I hate cops, and I like you even less
I turn your whole block into a bleedin mess
Niggas talk hard, and get an easy death
'Cuz I pop buck shots like I'm ???
And I can tell you won't blow, gotta scary finger
All talk, no show, Jerry Springer
I don't care if you a skinny or a burly nigga
I'ma have ya face lookin like a blurry mirror
We shake your features, y'all make believers
And the eight'll make you shake like you fake the seizure
I ball of the scale, break the meter
And if you ever go to jail, they'll rape and beat'cha
Hold up, take a breather, I'm way too tough
Got kicked outta pre-school, played to rough
I straight grew up, I'm still a bully
Used to take your lunch money now I steal your jewelry
Ha, okay, okay, okay, okay
Okay, okay, okay, okay
Don't make me reach for these, I got heat to squeeze
Make your face melt like pizza cheese
You need to leave, 'cuz you don't stand a chance man
I get greasy like mechanic hands
Y'all niggas all sweet like candy yams
Clear blocks outs, hop out the family van
Lookin like a handy man, with tools on the waist
Put'choo in the ambulance with two's in your face
You'se a disgrace, you've never been hot
And I can tell how you talkin you ain't never been shot
Yo, its whatever or not, if you want it, its war
You can choose what I'ma use, the pump or the four
Then decide where you gon' die, trunk of the floor
'Cuz I'ma tell the law I don't know nothing at all
I was just walkin my dog and discovered the ball
A lotta niggas think they hard, this is somethin for y'all
Okay, okay, okay, okay
Okay, okay, okay, okay
Grrrrrrr.. uh, uh, uh, YEAH!
UHH! Fourth motherfuckin time baby (WHAT?)
Out the gate! (uh-huh)
You motherfuckers can't be serious (you can't be serious)
You thought I'd let you have this shit (WHAT?)
YOU THOUGHT THIS RAP SHIT WAS YOURS? (UH-UH! Uh-uh!)
You motherfuckers done lost your mind (uh-huh)
For real - get the fuck outta here with that bullshit
I'm about to let y'all niggaz know, how it's goin dizzy baby
Uhh, uhh, UHH, UHH, UH!
School Street, School Street, home of the brave
Suckers actin like they want it, ends up in the grave (c'mon!)
I'm DMX but my, name ain't Dave (uh)
Step to my title and I'll crash yo' wave
Buildin #80 (uh-huh) used to L-I-V-E (uh-huh)
Come through on the, late night tip and you could see me (uhh!)
Coolin with D-Nice and Box, my man (WHAT?!)
M.R., my number one fan (WHAT?!)
Small Paul, Mike Lou, native New Yorkers
Chase a.k.a. Kenny, and Chuckie Walters (UH!)
Black Shawn, Black Tim and Black Darren (woo!)
Black Tyrone, Black Al and Black Baron (woo!)
Rob and Carlos, Jersey and Dink (UH!)
James Weldon with the, cuban link (c'mon!)
Little Nick, Tony Koch, and Ollie (uh-huh)
Remember Dre, the one that used to fuck wit Holly (yeah!)
Abby and Blue, B-Boyin Shawn
Bill Smith, Nick Bird, Scoop and Shawan (UH!)
Can't forget Long, Paris, Tone and Donny (WHAT?!)
Adman to Steve, Fat Reggie, and Ronnie
Black Lonnie, D-Mack, and Michael
{*BLAM*} Ha ha! A.K.A. Psycho (WHAT?!)
Me and Nick Styles used to get piles of cash (c'mon!)
My man Reg kept a jammy in the stash (c'mon!)
Aiyyo Flocko, Doug and Jerome (uh-huh!)
It won't be long before Ice comes home
Nate Karasha, Bin, Buck
G's, Bashir, don't give a fuck! (WHAT?!)
Little Joe, kickin like Chuck Norris (WHAT?!)
Most of all I can't forget my man Forrest (WHAT?!)
Fourteen K Alfie, Bubbles Bo (UH!)
Ralph (?), Smooth and Derenzo (WHAT?!)
The old school with Money Mark and Red Mack (yeah!)
Kool Breeze, Dry Kool, and Kangol Jack (uh-huh!)
David Earl, Jeff Kato, and Dylan
Peace to Mike Coleman (WHAT?!) heard the brother's chillin (woo!)
Little niggaz, like Big Joe and Nutty
Eighty-eight Dave Dan, the Peanut gettin money
Tweety Bird, Big Monty and Docky (UH!)
His brother Chico Red Mask Brother Hockey (UH!)
Gots to give a shoutout, to the deceased (aight?)
Little Monty and Paso, rest in peace
Yo I remember all that, cause I was there
School Street got shit sewn up all the way to the square (WHAT?!)
No one would dare even, stop to stare (UH!)
Cause they know we don't care and we don't play fair (UH-HUH!)
Yeah, School Street is schoolin (WHAT?!)
Fuck what you heard, nigga School Street duelin (WHAT?!)
Who you think you foolin you'll end up in yo' grave (c'mon!)
Fuckin with School Street, home of the brave (woo!)
Motherfucker, now you know..
where I'm from.. where it's at..
WHAT?! Motherfucker get got!
{*rapid gun blasts*}
Bitch-ass nigga.. home of the brave {*BLAM*}
*BEEP* Thursday, June 28th, two, oh-two, A.M.
"I just called you and you said Domino's Pizza but,
and you said you were on your way but there's just one problem,
I'm all the way to fuckin Rochester, New York. Wrong ho!"
Uhh, yo yo
Yo, not this shit again
Dog gon' be a dog, y'knahmean? Motherfuckin dog!
Don't GET a dog, you can't take care of a dog
Gotta take care of the dog, y'know? Y'know?
Take it easy lady, y'know? Uh-huh
Give me a motherfuckin break - will ya?
Shorty was the bomb, brownskin honey with a little dough
Come to find out she was a little ho, but still yo
I pushed up, shorty had that ass like BLA-DOW
Had me schemin on how, I could get that now
Was like GIRLFRIEND (what?!) let me drop a bug in yo' ear
She was mine cause I told her what she wanted to hear
Was like yeah, she knew how it was goin down
She said page me, code zero, cause I know you get around
Didn't have a man but even if she did DEAD
Cause my game is tight like a stocking cap on a nigga's head
I said - we'll get up like nine or somethin
Don't act like, when I say that ass is mine I'm frontin
That night was right, she let me get that, hit that
Rip that, bounce it off the walls, flip that
But only, one thing went wrong, the rubber bust
But I didn't fuss cause dog, shorty was the bomb!
Shortyyyy, UH!
We only did it for that niiiight
But maaan the pussy was good (uh-huh)
But shorty's fuckin up my liiife, fuckin up my life
Shortyyyy, UH!
We only did it for that niiiight (just one motherfuckin night man!)
But maaan the pussy was good
(was gooder than a motherfucker, I ain't gon' front)
But shorty's fuckin up my liiife (uh-huh)
C'mon ma, give me a break
A few days later, I hit her up, just to keep it real (aight)
Was like - whassup Boo, how you been, how you feel? (aight)
She said - aight, but my friend's kinda late
Today's the 13th, and it shoulda been here on the 8th
I'm like - f'real?! Don't stress it, it'll come
It better, cause I can't afford another, little one
She said - neither can I, I said - cool
cause I got mad shit to do and you still goin to school
So at least we had the same thing in mind (uh-huh)
Not to have this kid and, everything would be fine, BUT, I was blind
to the fact that she was settin me up, for the kill (c'mon)
Damn, why wasn't she, on the pill?
And I still, would check on her like, once a week
Sometimes I hit it, sometimes I didn't, but shorty was a freak
And whenever I would speak on the baby
Shorty would be like - I ain't havin this kid, is you crazy?
But shortyyyy, UH!
We only did it for that niiiight
(man listen man, one motherfuckin night)
But maaan the pussy was good
(I ain't gon' front, pussy was good as a motherfucker)
But shorty's fuckin up my liiife
(Oh MAN this bitch is a fuckin HEADACHE!) fuckin up my life
Shortyyyy, UH! (Shorty was definitely a bomb dog)
We only did it for that niiiight
(One motherfuckin night, AND I was drunk)
But maaan the pussy was good
(The pussy, MAN! Let me tell you)
But shorty's fuckin up my liiife (Dog, this bitch is a problem)
C'mon ma, give me a break
By now, wasn't lookin too good
Cause she wasn't doin things that she told me she would
Like gettin the price checked out for what we had to do
And it goes up another yard for every month after two
and a half I had to laugh out of frustration (WHAT?!)
Now she's fo' months, I'm ready to hit the bus station (man)
If I was, still on that shit it woulda made me rob her
Told her friends - DMX? Yeah that's my baby's father (uh-oh)
Her lil' stomach is shown (uh-huh) so now the heat is on
Maybe she'll see the light, if I start to treat her wrong
Like if she thought that if she kept the baby she would keep me (what?)
So I played the game on her level, got sneaky (aight?!)
Let her have the kid, she said it was premature (uh-huh)
Found out, she was six months, when she said she was four (uh-huh)
So I left her with the pressure on the next man's arm
But she'll be aight, cause shorty was the bomb (f'real)
But shortyyyy, UH! (was the bomb)
We only did it for that niiiight
(I mean what, one fuckin night? C'mon ma)
But maaan the pussy was good (man she sucked a mean dick)
But shorty's fuckin up my liiife
(Now this bitch won't stop callin, what the fuck man?)
Fuckin up my life
Shortyyyy, UH! (She was kinda cute though)
We only did it for that niiiight (All it takes is one night man, haha)
But maaan the pussy was good (mmm-mm-mmm!)
But shorty's fuckin up my liiife (This bitch, has got to go)
C'mon ma, give me a break
[DMX] Grrrr... ARF! ARF!
Move on over, I done told ya boyyyy
I'm a G-Unit motherfuckin soldier boyyyy
And when you gon' get it in your brain
The gate's wide open and the dog's off the chain
I be that yung'n with that gun-ness, tellin ya stop frontin
I be that yung'n on the run, after I pop some'n
In the Bible I read, death is of the tongue
And if you talk about death enough death is gon' come
Dave taught me how to flow, they shot him in the head
Randy ass was there, now he runnin scared
Some say I'm gangsta, some say I'm craaazy
If you ask me I'll say I'm what the hood made me
Now I can stunt 'til my ass dead broke like Jay-Z
Or put a hundred grand on e'ry nigga head that play me
See I'm cool with them Hatian mob niggaz
? Tu say sapa say mavule ? and rob niggaz
The media be tryin to make a nigga look bad, whassup with that?
See my flick, next to bring Papi and Cat
And Montana, I kill 'em with the grammar
I enhanced in the slammer after bangin them hammers
X whattup? (AIGHT!!)
You don't live that, you shouldn't say that
Cause what come out your mouth'll get you SHOT, DOWN
Throwin your money around and we don't play that
Get in our line'll get you SHOT, DOWN (nigga)
We know where you hang, we know where you stay at
That bullshit you on'll get you SHOT, DOWN
Here's a few clips that you shouldn't play with
G-Unit, Ruff Ryders'll get you SHOT, DOWN
Aiyyo, fuck y'all niggaz talkin bout, think you playin wit?
Double R, G-UNIT, the same ol' shit (WHAT!)
Put the faggots in the ring, watch 'em all quit
All y'all niggaz is pussy, suck my dick!
Ain't nuttin but a handful of man still standin
I remember 50 in a cypher when Onyx was "Slammin" (AIGHT?)
Now we meet again, it's all good my nigga
Back to the street again, it's all hood my nigga
Knock on wood my nigga, we both walk the dog
We ain't get to where we at by luck, shit was hard (AIGHT?)
But once we got through the trials it's all smiles
'til a big type nigga all of a sudden get wild
Now why you gotsta go and take me back to where I came from?
I'ma make you remember, where you know my name from (YEA!)
45th Street, and BLAOW-BLAOW Ave.
I done ran through your crew and only let off half, nigga!
Yeah, word, yeah
If your head ain't offa your shoulders (uh-huh)
You ain't get shot, you got nicked nigga (just nicked)
Cause if my chrome hit a piece of your bone
It's gon' do more than chip, nigga (a lot more than that)
Yea, what the fuck is the problem
The Porsche is red the buckets is Army
30 shot handguns the gutter is starvin (yea)
Niggaz like me might rush your apartment (word)
Bloodstains'll fuck up your carpet, brain on the window
I smell murder every time that the wind blow
Tie him to the chair and then knock out his chinbone
I don't want the throne or the crown, I ain't sellin up
You can have the jail or the ground, you ain't in hell enough
I'm the one that flood the gutters
Better tap your man, and let him know P'll love to cut his
And niggaz is gettin shot down, two guns up
Double R, S.P. holdin D Block down
Straight up nigga
Motherfuckin' South side nigga
Brooklyn what!
Word up
yeah
Shut 'em down!
yeah
Shut 'em Down
Shut 'em Down
yeah
Onyx featuring DMX
Shut 'em down
Shut 'em down
Shut 'em down Yo shut 'em down start the violence
We wilin' wilin' sling back his body found
Washed up on Coney Island
When I rolled up, this niggas heart slowed up
That killa froze up, when I pulled up jumped out with the pump-pump
Thirty-two shots and ducked out
So look out
Left that cat for dead his body smoked out
Cause when I fall y'all killas a kill me kid
I'm goin' all out
Lifes a bitch, fuck it, got the gun bust it
Gmae play, gotta play by the rules or your own cannot be trusted
Don't try to test, abide your chest, put five inside your vest
Have you layin' with a dead rest
Shoulda known when you was lookin' in the eyes a death
And I swore forgiveness when I did this
there was not no witness but he should understand
Cause even God got a shit list
Beat downs anonymous
I spit like a shiny silver nanabus()
Niggas fond of us
We the kind that rush, those that hold back
Takin' your whole stack
Grimy street cats
Niggas bald head like Kojak
Go gat for gat
Coat that
You could smoke that
Or cut black dust
Makin' your whole fuckin' stove crack
Betta know me
1-3, one and only could be never phoney in any ceremony
I'l tear you homey
Shut 'em down, Shut 'em down, Shut 'em down
Shun sees takin' your time
Makin' your mind
Got this nigga on the low
defecatin' with rhymes
Breakin' your spine
Got you movin' from the flurry, time to worry
I'ma bury the bullshit
I'ma bury the bullshit
I'ma bury the bullshit
Feel my full clip
Aiyyo I bet you this muthafuckin' double barrel will blast his face
Be on the look out for a basket case
Niggas pumped you up to watch you get beat
Had you thinkin' shits sweet
Now you up shit's creek
Cause your shits weak
How mich is your life worth to someone important
Cause I be extortin'
Kidnap for ransom is some shit you don't want to get caught in
From back in the days of Gordon
Niggas was gettin' robbed
The guy from Rikers Height stayed on his job
with his own little mob
Was it worth goin back to the Earth so soon
Worth makin' my shit go boom
To your own doom, from the graveyards
Till there's no room
Fuck you know about a pine box
Money goin' out with nine Glocks
On top of that same nigga when they pull with they nine shots
Feel like killin' for your crew
I ain't gon' rest
It gonna take a whole lot to put up your best
Then watch your loins spill out your vest
You best get on some act your age shit
you a little kid
That run for faces
More niggas get killed like that
Mad man Sticky F-I-N-G-A-Z
The crazy cajun blazin' bullets for days and days
grazin' amazin' I'm the glazin' ason purple hazin'
Hard to be pahsin' Lord with all this hell I'm raisin'
God of the Underground, I'm gunnin' 'em down with a thunder pound
We gonna shut 'em down
We turn we gonna shut 'em down
We turn we gonna shut 'em down
We turn shit dumb quick gun click
lyin' in the vine
persed the line on your dick
In the morgue admit it dogs
I'm the Rottweiler my Glock holler
Fuck cocaine killer I sniff gun powder
So all you real willies throw your Roleys in the sky
And all the crooks rob the place outside
I'm so hype, I tkae your life, betta have my doe right
Fuck my life, I don't need no mic!
The new album
Bring it
Motherfuckin' May
That's that shit
Bring me on point
About to shut down the whole industry
Official nasty
DMX
We wreckin' everything
So shut up, or you get shut down like the rest of them
Pussy
Uh..Uh
Now there's two ways we can do this, keep it real or front
I know you got what I need and I got what you want
And the hunt for soulmates is all over for us
We could go away where nobody would know it was us
Leave behind all the fuss, the studios, the pictures
No autographs, just laughs when I'm wit ya
I know what it's like when they know you now
But bark it at the dog baby, and I'll hold you down
Time and time and time again
I knew that our love had to end
But now it's gone so very far
That I can make a brand new start
I thought that we were meant to be
Be one big family
But I was weak and loved you still
No matter what you did, I could forgive
[1] - All I need is sincerity
All I need is sincerity
Thinking 'bout you all the time
Never seemed to cross my mind
How you could take the time to kill
Everything our love had built
I never knew how you could hide
Everytime you told a lie
But now I know why you're so cold
But I don't understand
Now that you set me free
I truly think that we
Could find love seperately
I need sincerity
One thing, I'm not as weak
I'll always stand alone
But my mind is not made of stone
So I'll go on
Chipped tooth don
Nasty, blue ice timbs on
Screw it face, half moon part, my tatoos dark
On a scale of tough criminals, nothin to call me
I'm a rare individual, young and I'm bossy
Guees it come from a rough life, cuffed at night
Lettin' off hot lead that bust from iron pipes
I'm the type that have to shed blood
Pray to the ghost of dead thugs, dead blocks that spread drugs
Fled from the cops 'till when my first joint dropped
I'm still wit my hood, Hollow Point still in the glock
But I've been shitted on by these high class hoes
Even these chickens did me wrong, I was just gettin' on
So I turned cold, givin 'em hard dick and straight to the hole
Like Rod Strickland, it was takin' it's toll
I needed someone I could hold in my darkest hours
A strong couple is a blessing and the heart is the power
Give me someone I could trust, not just a hotty to bone
Does she love Escobar, or love Nasir Jones
Let me know so I could cop her the stones
What's clear to me, it's sincerity
Somebody I could call my own, yeah
Ha ha ha ha ha ha uhh
See to live is to suffer but to survive
well that's to find meaning in the suffering.
Chorus
Ay yo I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I can't get up
Ay yo I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I can't get up
Ay yo I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I gots to get up
Get these bags up off my feet so I can tear shit up!
(Repeat)
-1-
I been through mad different phases like Masons
to find my way & now I know that happy days are not far away
If I'm strong enough I'll live long enough to see my kids
doing something more constructive with they time
than bids I know because I been there
now I'm in there sit back & look
at what it took for me to get there
First came the "Howll!!" the drama with my mama
she got on some fly shit "What!" til I split
and said that I'ma be that seed
that doesn't need much to succeed
strapped with mad greed and a heart that doesn't bleed
I'm ready for the world or at least I thought I was
baggin' "Uhh!" when I caught a buzz
for thinking about how short I was
Going too fast it wouldn't last but yo I couldn't tell
group homes & institutions, prepare my ass for jail
They put me in a situation forcin' me to be a man
when I was just learnin' to stand without a helpin' hand
Damn, was it my fault, somethin' I did
to make a father leave his first kid at 7 doin' my first bid?
Back on the scene at 14 with a scheme
to get more cream than I'd ever seen in a dream
and by all means I will be living high off the hog
and I never gave a "What!!" about much but my dog
That's my only "Howll!" I had offered my last
Just another little "Come on!!" headed nowhere fast
Chorus
-2-
That ain't the half "Arf!" get's worse as I get older
actions become bolder heart got colder
chip on my shoulder that I dared a "Uhh!" to touch
didn't need a click cause I scared a "Uh huh" that much
One deep went to for kicks
catchin' vicks throwin' bricks gettin by bein' slick
used to get high to get by used to have to "Howl!!"
in the morning before I get fly
I ate something a couple of forties made me hate somethin'
I did some "Arf" now I'm ready to take something
3 years later showing signs of stress
didn't keep my hair cut or give a "Come on!" how I dressed
I'm possessed by the darker side livin' the cruddy life
"What!" like this kept a nigga with a bloody knife
wanna make records but I'm "Wheeew'd!" up
I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I can't get up
Chorus
-3-
Wasn't long before I hit rock bottom
"Howll!" was like damn look how that "how that" got him
Open like a window no more Indo look at a video
sayin' to myself that could've been yo on the TV
believe me it could be done somethin's got to give
it's got to change cause I've got a son
I've got to do the right thing for shorty
and that means no more getting high drinking forties
So I get back lookin' type slick again
Fake "What!" jump back on my "Uhh uh huh!" again
Nothin' but love for those that know how it feel
& much respect to all my "Come on!!" that kept it real
Be strong kept a from doin' wrong
"Uhh" who they is and this is yo "What uhh!" song
and to my boo who stuck with a "Arf!" through
all the bullshit you'll get yours because it's due
Chorus
can't get up...I gots to get up
This is from the heart baby, don't get it twisted
Ahh X RATED!!!!!
intro
*DMX laffs~
Yo this life shit This life shit is like...
It's bugged the fuck out you know for real..
See to live is to suffer
to survive, well that's to find meaning in the suffering
chorus
ay yo i'm slippin, fallin', I cant get up
ay yo i'm slippin, fallin', I cant get up
ay yo i'm slippin, fallin', I gots ta get up
get me back on my feet so i can tear shit up
ay yo i'm slippin, fallin, I cant get up
ay yo i'm slippin, fallin, I cant get up
ay yo i'm slippin, fallin', I gots ta get up
get me back on my feet so i can tear shit up
I been through mad different phases like Mazes
to find my way & now I know that happy days are not far away
If I'm strong enough I'll live long enough to see my kids
doing something more constructive with they time
than bids I know because I been there
now I'm in there sit back & look
at what it took for me to get there
First came the bullshit the drama with my mama
she got on some fly shit so I split
and said that I'ma be that seed
that doesn't need much to succeed
strapped with mad greed and a heart that doesn't bleed
I'm ready for the world or at least I thought I was
baggin' niggas when I caught a buzz
not thinking about how short I was
Going too fast it wouldn't last but yo I couldn't tell
group homes & institutions, prepared my ass for jail
They put me in a situation forcin' me to be a man
when I was just don't understand without a helpin' hand
Damn, was it my fault, somethin' I did
to make a father leave his first kid at 7 doin' my first bid?
Back on the scene at 14 with a scheme
to get more cream than I'd ever seen in a dream
and by all means I will be living high off the hog
and I never gave a fuck about much but my dawg
That's my only motha fucka I had offered my last
Just another little nigga headed nowhere fast
Chorus
That ain't the half shit get's worse as I get older
actions become bolder heart got colder
chip on my shoulder that I dared a nigga to touch
didn't need a click cause I scared a nigga that much
One deep went to gids startin' shit for kicks
catchin' vicks throwin' bricks gettin by bein' slick
used to get high to get by used to have to puff my
el in the morning before I get fly
I ate something a couple of forties made me hate somethin'
I did some coke now I'm ready to take something
3 years later showing signs of stress
didn't keep my hair cut or give a fuck how I dressed
I'm possessed by the darker side livin' the cruddy life
shit like this kept a nigga with a bloody knife
wanna make records but I'm fuckin' up
I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I can't get up
Chorus
Wasn't long before I hit rock bottom
niggas talkin' shit like damn look how that rock got him
Open like a window no more Indo look at a video
sayin' to myself that could've been yo ass on the TV
believe me it could be done somethin's got to give
it's got to change cause I've got a son
I've got to do the right thing for shorty
and that means no more getting high drinking forties
So I get back lookin' type slick again
Fake niggas jump back on my dick again
Nothin' but love for those that know how it feel
& much respect to all my niggas that kept it real
kept a nigga strong kept a nigga from doin' wrong
niggas know who they is and this is yo fuckin' song
and to my boo who stuck with a nigga too
all the bullshit you'll get yours because it's due
Chorus
see this is that shit... this is that shit
that all real niggas can relate too
this is from the heart baby
don't get it twisted
Ha...
X baby!!!
Whoo whoo! Dog ni-gga
WHAT?
Whoo whoo! Dog ni-gga
Uhh, Ruff Ryders, WHAT?!
Volume One, Swizz Beats (WHOOO!)
WHAT?!
Uhh, uhh, (WHAT?!) all aboard!
If I thought y'all niggaz really wanted drama
I'da been pulled out the armor, word to my momma
I'ma -- hit y'all niggaz with somethin that you ain't never felt (WHAT?!)
Hit y'all niggaz for frontin you caught up in that hell (WHAT?!)
If I thought that half the shit that bitches said was true
I'd be spitting lead at you, to dead your crew
But -- if you know a bitch, you don't listen to that bitch
You don't argue with that bitch, all you do is fuck that bitch!
If I listened to all the snake niggaz that's runnin they mouth
I wouldn't be in the crib, I'd be loadin up, to run in your house
But -- you can't fuck with cowards, cause a coward'll be a coward
He'll end up killin these cowards, and I'm not feelin these cowards!
If I let the niggaz around my way tell me how to feel about me
I guess I really, wouldn't be D
But I'm the best that ever did it, the best at it because I live it
How many niggaz eat it and shit it, you cats want it? Come and get it!
Grrr, ARF ARF, woo woo!
Grrr, ARF ARF, woo woo!
Tell me how you feelin now (WHAT?!) I know you illin now (WHAT?!)
Tell me how you feelin now (WHAT?!) I know you illin now (WHAT?!)
It's not like me to have my back turned to open places
I wanna SEE it when it's comin, so I can open faces
Open cases got me PAYIN to stay out of jail (WHAT?!)
While these streets, got me to prayin to stay out of hell (C'MON!)
Slipped, and I fell, got back up -- slipped again
But no matter what it's been, niggaz never got a win
It's a thin line I walk, everyday but I'm good with it!
Project nigga all my life, but wouldn't say the hood did it!
Knew what I was doin, everyday that I've been doin it (okay)
Seein niggaz havin a good time, so I'ma ruin it (yeah)
Fuck you, and fuck your man, both y'all niggaz is puss!
Frontin like you out the jungle but ain't never seen a bush!
When push comes to shove, whatever love we had take it witchu
Now peep what I just said and see how long it takes to hit you
Everybody knows you can talk all day (YES)
But when it's on what you gonna do - walk away? (YES)
Man, I told you I lock jaws, carry a glock four
Close my eyes on y'all niggaz, the bullets'll watch yours
Then I gotta open up another can of ass-whippin
Y'all niggaz better pucker up, time for some real ass-kissin
I'm a simple man, I lead a simple life, I mean simple like
I don't need much to be aight, live off the land, eat atnight
Handle whatever's comin when I get there, but I'm good (WHAT?!)
Dismantle whatever's comin, y'all niggaz sit there and put up hoods!
How my niggaz feelin? (GOOD!) How my niggaz like it? (ROUGH!)
What my niggaz want? (BLOOD!) We stay callin niggaz bluff
But if it's got to be, then it's gon' be, c'mon let's eat
Whatever my niggaz want from me, is what my niggaz gonna get from me
And if I ever.. let the words, of another nigga bother me
I might as well.. let the sperm, of that other nigga father me
But they know, like I know, the black Rhino
Niggaz rippin through em and let the nine blow
Nigga die slow! Oh.. oh oh!!
Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
What? Ruff Ryders, Volume One, the compilation
DMX, Swizz Beats, uhh, double up
What? Double up, y'all gotta feel us
Y'all GOTTA feel us
Rrrrr, ARF ARF, woo woo!
Sometimes I wonder what life's about
Sometimes I wonder why the lights are out
Sometimes I wonder why I like to shout
Sometimes I wonder, what the lies are about
Sometimes I see things I shouldn't have seen
Sometimes I wonder why, I'm a hood and a fiend
Sometimes I look at what I've become and cry
Sometimes I, get on that BULLSHIT and be ready to die
Sometimes a nigga that's yo' man might get it
Sometimes even though it's sweet, if you ain't wit it
Sometimes the pain is too much to BEAR
Sometimes it RAINS too much to care
Sometimes if you, don't watch yo' back it'll cost you
Sometimes you wonder, who would give a FUCK if they lost you
Yet sometimes the sun shines around the clock
But sometimes it's dark, and hell is hot
I'm always talking shit, cause wherever I go I walk in shit
And now they got me on some stalking shit
Broad daylight, niggaz is crying, "But I don't want anyone to blast"
So from the roof I pick em off like a scab
And watch the slug bust a thug like a watermelon
He shoulda thought about that before caught a terror
And now another kid grows up without a daddy or a mommy
Cause at the funeral I hit up the caddy,
it's the army for real niggaz with nothing to lose
Cause when it's time to go you don't get to choose
I make the muthafuckin rules and I enforce it,
shorty's people was loose hand so he lost it
I took the joints and tossed them, in the river,
at the same spot that I dumped
This kid that didn't wanna give a nigga the combo, to the safe in the crib
Look, money, that's why I did what I did
Mad stressed and I'm about to have a breakdown
It's time for pops who got the store on the corner to have get a shakedown
He hasn't paid for protection in like two months
So I figured I'd leave him wit like two fronts
I break up shit to let him know that I'm real
Reminder, I know where you live so don't squeal
Told him, next time I come, Have some paper for me
Don't fuck around and turn into another caper for me
Cause though he's cool all that cool shit stops
And I be in the crowd talking bout, "Yo who killed pops"
It's a shame, he was caught up in the game and couldn't play it
So I smoked him, I asked him "who's the man" and made him say it
Three times, and that's how many times I hit him
A nigga was acting like he didn't have to pay so I did him
Yo I think this shit is going to my head (for real)
But let that be a lesson, don't pay dues and you dead
A little birdie told me that the feds were on to me
And they wanted to do something real wrong to me
So I broke out, Blazed the L for a while
Checked my sources and found my name was on file
Under gun for hire and extortion, but yo I never use
The same joint twice as a precaution and I heard this kid tried to set me up
He knew I knew so he tried to wet me up
See he was under investigation for drugs
They set up all types of phone taps and bugs
Then when they bagged him, money went out, reprisent (he was my friend)
Said they'd let him go, all he had to do was snitch
And I know now he wish they would have kept him
Cause it was sweet how I crept him, wet him up then left him
And that's for mufuckas that don't know
Go against the grain and you feel the pain
Aight yo
Yo, I be that young fly fellow, got thorough
Down for denaro, hit everything in the Triburo
And I'm the newest member of the Bad Boy team
And I'mma bring this nigga Puff mad more C.R.E.A.M.
With hooks galore, leave this city shook for short
And I'mma take 'em back where Biggie took 'em before
You stay a playa'
Since you can't stay up with the Pope
And stick to what you do best, stick to wearin' coke
You lookin' for excuses, ways to say you're broke
Can't keep a whip, cuz you can't pay the note
Fuck the side, I'm waiting for you on top, Mercedes drop
Black 380's cops, 'till the day I get knocked
All I ask when I die, dress me fly and neatly
And brush my waves so I'm handsome when the bitches greet me
Word from the wise, niggas jerk pies, we hurt them guys
Bust lead, to skin they head and leave them circumcised
So how you wanna settle this
Rappin' or on some ghetto shit
We can do it yo way, with mics or with metal shit
[1] - Niggas wanna shout, I'mma make noise
Niggas run they mouth, I'mma break jaws
Mase is comin' out, we gon' take yours
Harlem World uptown baby, we make wars
Niggas wanna shout, I'mma make noise
Niggas run they mouth, I'mma break jaws
Mase is comin' out, we gon' take yours
Harlem World uptown baby, we make wars
Yo, yo before it's all over, lot of blood gon' be spilled
We ain't discriminatin' even thugs gon' be killed
We early inheritors , born into C.R.E.A.M
If a nigga' get sheist then we form as a team
Bullshit if you want and it be on for this C.R.E.A.M.
The weatherman don't even know the storm I'mma bring
But yo, I'm not the man with whom you interact
So before you grab gatts to jack, remember that
You take dough from Mase, you might as well send it back
I got thugs everywhere, where you going spending that
When clicks come to brawl, everything I hit fall
Niggas play sick wid y'all, wit me they ain't sick at all
No matter how big or small, I get rid of ya'll
And shit I spit at y'all, come in one size fit all
Yo, yo if you think I'm on some sweet shit
Then won't you creep quick, I let the heat spit
Make a nigga "G" flick, classic criminal
Keep a gatt by my genitals, thugs love me
So don't get splashed for the minimal
We never vest up, be in a double breast tux
Plus keep a fresh cut, picture me getting lefts stuff
I let one lose, to show you I ain't the one do
And I ain't puffin' nuthin', make all my gun shoot
You let your gun loose, none o' 'em niggas gun proof
Watch them niggas drop, when I pop one in they sunroof
And we be lead bustin', leavin' niggas head gushin'
You niggas talkin' 'bout guns like you said something
I'll be lacin' 'em, hollow tips, I be wastin' 'em
That's what you faggots get, tryin' to fuck with Mase and 'em
Bad Boy, '97, front, there'll be none o' that
And all you cats, running your trap, one in your cap
And now, the tale from the darkside...
Uh, I got to remind y'all niggas
What the flow is all about
Huh, its about this
Anywhere from forty-eight and up
Straight, you feel me?
Fifty fifty
Aiyyo, I gots to hear the beat so I can eat, ahight?
If I can't live, you can't live, ain't nothin sweet
Bitch ass niggas think its all about Versace
A week later them niggas talkin about (Yo, X got me)
I thought he was my man, but he act like he ain't know me
I knew he had the joint, but I didn't wanna make him show me
That nigga be buggin, stickin cats up and random
Doing his dirt and disappearin like the phantom
Niggas can't stand him, but ask me if I care
'Cuz what I used to give a fuck about, just ain't there
And ain't nothing fair, I knew this for a long time
Thats why with ever wrong crime comes anotha strong rhyme
And thats mo' time under the belt, you felt what I had
And I shouldn't have even done it, thats what made this shit sad
I'm doin' bad, but if I gots to feel it, you gots to feel it
And if a nigga can't afford it, I gots to steal it
And that's how real it, GETS, when this shit
You still tryin to get the man, first catch up with the man
Then we gon' see what'choo made of
If your shit ain't pumpin Kool-Aid, what you afraid of?
The monster under the bed, fill ya with four slugs to the head
Or ya babies mother missin for a month, found dead
Worms comin' from places you stuck ya dick in
Maggots got the bitch coverered and the smells sick'nen
Plastic don't hide the smell for too long, I do wrong
And so I don't have nightmares I forget about it, move on
Keep gettin my groove on, 'cuz that shit could fuck with'choo
Keep dwellin on it, and its gonna get stuck with you
Niggas try their luck with you, 'cuz they smell ass
And money if you pussy, I'm gonna be able to tell fast
Some cop I'm about to smack across the face in this robbery
I'm on a robbin spree, and ain't no STOPPIN ME
On this real, thats why a nigga stay writin
'Cuz kid this shit is real, what you think we play fightin
You must of saw som'thin funny, or never saw som'thin bloody
Or you don't know I'll bring it to your door 'cuz I'm cruddy
Like puddy, when I hold you niggas, I mold you niggas
I done told you niggas, that I been owed you niggas
For that shit you did that you wasnt built for
Shit I guess you didnt know you do get killed for
I done filled niggas up with the extended clip
Its like I blew this joint down with the extended rip
Or that non-stop, when the bomb drops
I'ma take it from where you at and then end up on ya moms block
From here to Comstock, niggas gettin bust wild
?Cell cagers last night from lock out just died?
Ain't no where to hide, ain't no wear to run
What more can they do to a man that ain't been done
A mind is a terrible thing to waste
Especially if its all over the place, your mind all over his face
How do brains taste, when they mixed with gun powder
Semi to fully automatic makes the gun louder
I got som'thin to fix pain when I kicks game
'Cuz I'ma float off more tracks than they sixth train
You 'bout to get flamed, from ash to ashes to DIRT
You gon' go with the dough that your life was worth
MOTHERFUCKER...
Waah: How you doin over there, Swizz?
Swizz: I'm doin pretty good
Waah: How you doin? You aight?
Swizz: I'm good
Waah: Yeah, so whats poppin' with this money? How we makin out?
Swizz: Well, Waah, we're getting a lot of checks in from the record companies, we're doing very good
Waah: How much money is is is goin in my pocket, and how much is goin in yours?
Swizz: Waah, your getting at least 60%, we only takin like 3%
Waah: I'm not feelin you are my cousin right now, you know that right?
Swizz: I don't understand why, Waah
Waah: OK, well didn't you just cut half my cut with the president?
Swizz: Ummm, well, that wasn't paid for...
Waah: Fuckin studder, where my money at?
Swizz: Waah, settle down
Waah: Wheres my fuckin money at?
Swizz: Its in the account
Waah: Shut the fuck up, now wheres my money at?
(gun shots)
Waah: Motherfucker, Shit.....I WANT MY MONEY!
Uh! (Our father) I'm a talk this (Who art in heaven)
Start walk this
In the name of Jesus
I can have everything good of the earth be given to me by him
In the name of Jesus
There would be never be a time that I have to fight the devil and I cannot win
In the name of Jesus
I lose all strong holds that the devil had over my life
In the name of Jesus
When I save a thousand two or save ten
So I thank the lord for my wife
In the name of Jesus
I want to thank you what you showed me what you told me
In the name of Jesus
I want to thank you for your love and watchin over me
In the name of Jesus
I don't have to, go through what I went through anymore
In the name of Jesus
I don't have to (What!) now that I got you in my life ever more (Come on!)
I know it cannot happen without you, you you, without you, oh, oh oh oh
Without you
In the name of Jesus
You gave me the book, so now I just look when I need the word
In the name of Jesus
You took, a crook, gave him a new look now he speaks the word
In the name of Jesus
It don't matter what we did tell it to the lord and he forgives
Whatever it was right or wrong
I'm a catch up with the herd then I'm comin home
In the name of Jesus
I ran away for far too long starve too long
In the name of Jesus
Where people perish for lack of knowledge
They all too strong let's get it on
In the name of Jesus
I realize I'm a sinner
I repent my sins and right this moment am a beginner
Baby in the spirit, let me go
In the name of Jesus please let me go!!!! (Come on!)
I know it cannot happen without you, you you, without you, oh, oh oh oh
Without you
I gotta say what's on my mind (Say what's on your mind)
You saved my life a thousand times (Saved a thousand times)
Gave me a dream that came to be
Opened my eyes so I could see
I had my ups and had my downs
Until you turned my life around
And I want the whole world to see
They don't know what you mean to me
In the name of Jesus
All praises due to the shepherd watchin the flock of sheep
In the name of Jesus
Ain't even about where I'm steppin
You watch in the dark when I'm sleep
I know it cannot happen without you, you you, without you, oh, oh oh oh
Without you
What you want, sing!
They got my back to the wall
Nobody to turn to, nobody I can trust
I used to have friends
But all I could think about was hustlin
That was then, this is now
And this is how I must be
A loose cannon, with a cannon
Nobody can trust me
When half the world is sayin "Fuck Me"
The other half will fear me
Shit both halves will make one whole
But nothing can dare those cowards to come near me
Yeah they hear me, but fuck that
I want them cats to feel me
Cuz to feel me, is to know I'll be a problem till they kill me
It's from sun-up to sun-down
Got my gun up, and I'ma run down
On any ass coward that feelin that I can't get down
I'm a nightmare, the nigga that's always right there
Borderline, with two lines, a little too heavy to fight fair
Unload, reload, cock back, and pop that
And drag to where your top at
And guaranteed that I dropped that
You can't top that
I'm here to put them rumors to rest
Fuck the past
Fuck the present
I'm the future in the flesh
I'm the chrome before the storm
I'm the buzz before the storm
I'm the screech before the crash
I'm the click before the blast
I'm the rise before the fall
I'm the loss before the gain
Vacant Lot will keep it hot
Cuz we the future of this game
Coke game to sober
We takin rap over
Either roll with us or you gettin rolled over
But pardon, niggaz is too hard for your squadron
Evacuate the buildin, save all the women and children
No way around it, niggaz comin in thousands
M17s, grenades, and four-pounders
All you grimmy niggaz get the fuck from round us
Y'all the same cock-housers from the blocks to gouchers
Celebratin is the the feelin when I catch a fake vilian
Send him brick style in the ceilin of an abandonded building
Feel me y'all got to, I'm the voice of theory
My advice keep rappin you ain't no where near me
Spillin blood for the dead, God bless them dearly
And look straight to the heavens so I know that He hear me
My shit fluxuate from the drop seven, to the wide bodied eight
Up on in corner, with the sweeper I let the body gate
When I do niggaz, it's how I do niggaz
And two niggaz got nothin for me
When they saw me looked the other way and tried to ignore me
I put holes, like foot holes, in niggaz buttholes
Stomp a mudhole, when I cut hoes, the fuckin blood flows
That was bustin niggaz wide, I was 10 when I died
Now I'm walkin dead with the infared by my side
Keepin niggaz in line like a parade
Then they scatter like roaches when they get sprayed with Raid
Like a grenade, playin with spades is the plan
Now what part of suck my dick don't you understand
Better act like you know or get smacked like your hoe
When you straped, toe to toe, but can't strap with the flow
And I gets down for mine, with the crime
And if I gots to do time, fuck it
I don't mind
I handle my business and I shoot snitches
Cuz I know nowadays niggaz is more ass than loose bitches
It's all good, I'm still out
Knock on wood, robbin niggaz like my last name is Hood
Cuz I could, go with that mob that goes out to rob
That mad scheme to get cream without the job
I house more niggaz than a shelter
And if a nigga ever felt a, heltah skeltah
It'd would melt away, cuz the pain is too much to bear
Let the dead be dark while the Dark is here
Shit, this shit right here...is for the thugs in the streetDo yall here me?
Shit, and this shit right here...will get you mugged in the street
Beanie Seagal
Beanie Segal hit hard, and I'll wire ya jaw
Trademark niggas eyes, give them perminant scars
Twist backwards, never catch me rollin' cigars
Only cock and blow, dro out of perservative jars
On the block serving like I never heard of the law
Cops hit the spot fuck it, mad bro to bar
Fuck crack, flip powder, I aint takin' a loss
Plus if I get snatched, its less time for the song
I was been known to stroll the block, hold the glock
Blow dro, pick up doe, reload the spot
I'm the shit with crushed ice and some arm and hammer
I'm the reason why smokers steal car antenna's
I get bricks, so you know I make big nicks
the size of Chiclets, that make you pricks sick
While you try to profit, i just flip quick
Ya niggas know my flow be sick, my doe be quick
Infra Red
Now when you wake upI'm wiping the cold out your eys with the barrel of the gun
Holding your son, smoking Branson
Blowing smoke in your face, I want the ransom and some
His shit'll get the opposite of handsomeI mean I got to come clean
I've done bagged up and served every fiend MC in the feds magazine
I'm what y'all haven't seenI swallow kerosene and piss out gassoline
Strike a match and burn the fucking scene
I'm no joker - I could blow you in the smoke
and make your man a second hand smoker.
I'm so vulgar - I'm sendin' niggas straight back to their maker
Broke, with a PlayStation for a CD player, see me player?
I dont even play that shitI just spit and have the whole hood sayin' my shit
Yall got a bible? Well pray in that shit
While I smoke a scripture, reload, niggas come to rip ya
NuChild
Peep the illest shit that I ever wrote
Gun up in your mouth, hands around your throatChoke nigga choke, I'm dope
Roll me up and smoke, on contactNiggas react, and play me back
For doe, I'll murder ever nigga not on this track
I spit back, at any nigga claimin' he teflon
The best don? Be the next nigga get stepped on
A sick dude, type to ask God You wanna battle?
I could care less, send me hell I like to travel After waxin' him, I wax you
Smack you, clap you, and thats twoNiggas I left lookin' like statues
I have to, bring it to these cowards that talk hard
Some jail shit? Never even walked through a junk yardI thump hard
Make a nigga yell for crew quickA true bitch, eat a nigga up like a chew-stick
Too rich, is what I plan to be in the 9-9
Its all mine, Fagots ride bench when its crunch time
So bump mine, make a nigga lean off the opiumYou ethiopian
Willie niggas, we scoping 'em, and roping 'emDo a nigga Rosewood style
Hangin' by his weak picture, callin' his moms and his child
Mysonne
Its Mysonne, lefty, gun up in the right palm
Poppin' niggas in their sleep so they die calm
Kill or be killed, thats the that I'm on
Its desparoto style, shooting at them side armI'm bomb, see I'm dope like heroin
And my guns got scopes, so they zero inFrom here on in, know I fear no men
And mutherfuck shootin' five, here go ten
Know that if you start a problem, there's no end
You tough? Fight death and be a hero then
Niggas call me Poppiseed, I'll pop your seed
And move bricks on the block thats too hot to breath
I'm a real type of nigga, that cock and squeeze
Y'all them second guess fagots, that cock and freeze
So I fuck with real niggas, like The Lox and D
And yall niggas got problems, just watch and see
Drag-On
I'm the kid with the unlaced boots, but'll lace you
Leave a hole in your facial, the size of a bagel
All my bullets hit, never graze youIf you never was shit, I'ma promise you this
I'ma front page you, I'ma young'n
The first one there, and the last one to get to running
Unless you tell me the cops coming
Cuz I like to feel assed out, so when they trap me I blast out
I'm quiet my gun gotta bad mouthI wake up with the mad south
You know how many chinks and jews Drag's done dragged out, on a cash route?
Cuz when I walk in, stop the talking
I dont give a fuck if its a nigga with a walkmanI'ma put him in a coffin
Soon as I step inI'm runnin' up on the nigga with the thick lens
I'm tryin to get the benz with the thick rims
Double R, soon half of us'll goto jailThe rest? The studio, 16 bars to post bail
(Dmx)
(wispers)
Ruff ryders ride or die get down or lay down motha fucka
(growls)
Get em' boy 3x (barking)
Get that mother fucking boy
(barking)get em' boy (growls) (barking)
Boy!!barking)(Background)Now you got to fight my brotha you want
one there you go
It is not a fucking game!
Uhh used to be my dog you was in my left titty
Scream RYDE OR DIE I thought you would die wit me
Found out you a bitch you cant even ryde wit me
Now its a war you aint on the side wit me
When it rain niggaz get wet stay dry
Dont cross me I compete the snake eye
Just lost you left your shadow in the dark
Fucked around it forced me to hit the shadow with a spark
Blew your shit apart, now its two halves of one nigga
Look at him, I said after a few laughs, Dumb nigga
Stupid is as stupid does cocksucker
And look what being stupid does, get you shot sucker
I let you get too close and you bit me
I suppose it went on for too long you tried to hit me
Thought you was wit me
Well you might as well forget me, cuz from this point on
Its war, it wont stop until one of us is gone
Im still mad at myself for lettin that shit go down
Somebody shoulda told me I was fuckin wit a clown
And I think they found and let.. you.. nigga.. drown
....you know how shit get around
Aiyyo X fuck them niggaz, them niggaz aint your dogs
Better treat like some cats and shake they ass to the floor
Ben seen the foul shit put the guns in him
Lil wanna be you so why you run wit him
Cant trust niggaz no further than you can throw em
You dont wanna murder the niggaz, then you blow em
Your using your style, that make em yo child
Then he shouldnt make a move till he hear it from yo mouth
We dont allow snakes runnin wit dogs
Tell them aint nothing like a funeral its gonna be yours
Double R, and I aint here to start trouble god
But if they wasnt your niggaz I would have been hit em hard
Niggaz look like they phony, sound like they phony
Run around actin like motherfuckers homies
We all make mistakes, thats part of the breaks
But you can still call the apes we bringin the duct tape
And the broomstick them bitch-ass niggaz is gettin raped
Know how we ryde, whoever on they side they die
And we aint tryin to be blind,fuck eye for eye
Cuz we only takin yours, you know the dogs motherfucker
There was always something there, but I just couldnt touch it
Wasnt something that would hurt me, so a nigga said Fuck it
I let it slide, laughed and joked let it ride
And now that you done killed it, Im glad that it died
Its aiight, I know where you live, Im just waitin
Till we knock on your front door, and let you meet Satan
Its what you get for hatin, fuck you faggot
I never did trust you faggot, Ill bust you faggot
What you done forgot about the streets is this
Do a grimy nigga like you do a grimy bitch
Just stop fuckin wit him, got no more rap
No more, Yo whats up, D? no more that
Be lucky if I dont spit in your face, off a GP
And what? bitch-ass nigga, you cant beat me
Dont take it as a loss, just take it as a lesson
Next time think twice or get iced wit the Wessun
NIGGA
(You, right here shorty, told you, I got you
Like the way I scooped you, when those fagget niggaz shot you?
I'ma hold you down, and I mean that, for real)
But everytime you beef with a nigga, I end up havin' to kill
(Ain't like that, and hey, forget about them 2 kids
'Bout to do a deal, somethin' nice as you is)
Oh you think
(Nah, I'm just playin', what's up?
I got some new bitches, I know you tryin' to fuck)
Not really
(What? I ain't your man no more?
Because a nigga, don't need a hand no more?
You know how we do, if one goes sore
You'll take the pussy and go up in the roar)
It's like now
Where you goin'
I ain't trying to take it
Fuckin' with a nigga like you, I won't make it
(It'll be what it is)
Yo, you in for the night?
I'm 'bout to take it to the crib
(You get home alright?)
The snake
The rat
The cat and the dog
How you gonna live
When you're in the fog?
Yo
I ain't fuckin' with this nigga, no more
Word to my mother
Fuck 'em, so ya know 'em for sure
Word to my brother
It's like he's gotten worse than before
Son of I wonder
What type of dirt this nigga got in store for me to get under
Then I get a call
Yo!
(X, Luis just killed your cousin, underneath the projects
Don't get back, them niggaz will pay, then I got you, told you I got you
Yo, I got you)
I'm in a catch 22
But them niggaz gotta pay
But I know he's gonna be askin' for a favor one day
But fuck it
I ain't got no choice in the matter
Them faggets killed my peep
And I wanna see him splatter
(That's what I'm talkin' 'bout, we ain't on no bitch hit
And use the same gun that you killed them 2 kids with
Is that hard to live with?)
Nah
(See, you still a playa)
But what you want from me?
(Uh...I'll tell you later)
Chorus
Shit is all over the news
Bomb goes off in central
What the fuck have I gotten myself into?
My mental is like
Get the fuck outta there
I'm out
(Hey, goin' somewhere?)
Nah
(What the bag for?)
Fuck it, what you want?
(Can a nigga come inside for a minute, and puff a blunt?)
Here we go again
(After what I just gave you, with you actin' like that
when you asked for that favor)
Yo, I ain't ask you for shit
(Oh yes you did, when you really needed something, and you was out, you did
You sold me your soul, when you didn't say no
Just let a nigga go, and give me what you owe
Fuck what you think, ain't shit for free
And a mothafucker you know, can't defeat me)
Forgive me father, for I have sinned
And with your help I know, the devil won't win
Here we are on our way to hell
We're gonna do it, and we do it well
This is Marilyn Manson, Dmx, Ruff Ryders
(repeats and distorts til end)
Niggaz won't creep these streets with me
cause you know fuckin what these streets'll be
Make you wanna.. then I'm gonna..
cause I gotta.. POP POP, POP POP (nigga!)
I look through the 11th floor window
Take one last puff of the indo (WHAT)
Look through the scope, and let like ten go
Break it down, back in the briefcase (uh-huh)
Wipe the sweat off my face so I can leave safe (UH)
Outside I breathe safe (UH)
Nigga never saw it comin, that's how he got it (WHAT)
Never even thought of runnin, cause a nigga plotted (WHAT)
Smart niggaz get niggaz killed for real
I know, they make a deal I'm comin with the steel (aight)
It's gon' be that cat you don't see that's gon' pop you (uhh)
Stop you in your motherfuckin tracks nigga and drop you (uhh)
Get rid of all the clothes (uh-huh) dump the gun
I hate to be the type of nigga to leave you, slugged and run
but I'm on the job and right now there's more niggaz that need to be
left with a head full of lead, restin easily (WHOO)
And that twenty G's a fee, put to a good use
The only excuse I have for what I do is, love of abuse (C'MON!)
I can catch you in the very building that you live in (UH)
Wait until you get right at your door then start spittin (aight)
Now they got a ribbon tied to the rail at the top of the steps (what)
I was there, you ain't DIE at the top of the steps (aight)
I can do that walk behind you shit and follow you home (shhh)
Make a noise, you turn around and I put one in your dome (BOOM!)
Last thing you saw was chrome and a, flash of light (uhh, uhh, uhh)
I blast him right, nigga, that's yo' ass tonight (C'MON!)
I could put a bomb in your car and watch it explode (BOOM!)
then make em call, tell em all they found was a piece of your clothes
and a small piece of your nose and, bone from your arm
which they really couldn't tell apart, because of the bomb
I could be waitin, camped out in yo' car, in the backseat
with some fuckin chickenwire, soon as you hit the backstreet
I jump up like Jack-in-the-Box, strangle the shit out yo' ass (BLEH)
clean up the mess and, get away from the cops
I could be the UPS delivery boy (uh-huh) or the man
workin at Toys'R'Us handin yo' kid a brand new toy (true)
I could be the one servin your food wherever you go to eat at
or that nigga on the corner that you ask, "Yo, where the weed at"
I could be the one drivin the schoolbus that yo' kids in
except that, I don't like to involve, women and children (aight)
A nigga got feelings, I just put em aside
and when it's time for me to do my job, I just ride
I don't get much sleep (uh) my soul's tormented (uh)
I wish it was a lie but everything I said I meant it
I know I'm doin wrong and everyday I beg the Lord
to forgive me for fuckin with the, double-edged sword
Shit ain't goin too well, BUT THAT'S MY LIFE
I know I'm goin to hell, BUT THAT'S MY LIFE
Sometimes I think what will I do, WITH MY LIFE
Kill nigga kill this IS MY LIFE
[singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
Uh.. uh.. uh, uh, uh
[singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
It's not that we gotta do what we do
It's what we know, so to me it ain't nuttin but bein true but
[singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
It doesn't have to be the way it is, you say it is
Just because for the past 20 years, every day it is
[singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
I wanna be able to walk out my front door
Without worryin about comin in conflict with the law, cause
[singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
If I follow Him, they'll follow me
And I'll speak life into the word that you can see
[singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
We get away with everyday shit, but everyday shit
catches up to you and when it does you can't say shit!
[singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
If I don't, you will, when I won't, you steal
What makes it feel like we gots to kill?
[singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
How many more lives must we lose?
How many more times must we choose to trust these fools?
[singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
If it ain't broke, don't fix it
I gave it to you straight don't mix it twist it up on some slick shit
[singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
I don't have to talk to it any more
I don't have to walk to it any more, I'm out the door [singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
I wanna find peace with the Lord
I don't wanna find a beast with the sword, I can't afford to
[singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
When every day of my life
Is a constant fight between wrong and right
[singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
I thank you Lord for my life
Thank you Lord for keepin it loose when things got tight
[singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
Only I can stop the rain
Only I can stop the pain, yeahh
[singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
Only I can stop, the rain, stop, the rain, yeahh - WHAT?
... GRRRR, only I (only I) can stop (can stop) the rain (the rain)
Only I can stop the rain, cause the rain falls on me
[singing] Now I know, only I, can stop the rain
Only I can stop the rain
Yo, yo, yo. Alright, alright.
Get the fuck over here.
Don't you know X yo?
Fuck you.
I know I know you from somewhere.
Get the fuck outta here with that X shit.
You got X on you, yo.
Give me this.
Yeah okay. You can have my jacket. You can have it. You can have my jacket.
Yo give me the watch motherfucker.
No yo don't take my watch from me that was a present to me yo.
Shut the fuck up.
Okay yo. Alright alright. You can have everything.
Give me the boots.
Alright you can have my boots. Let me take everyhing off.
Okay. What's my name? What's my name?
Okay. Don't you know you're proud of this shit?
I'm not fucking around.
Okay. Please, please.
And I fucked your bitch.
What?
{Mysonne} (DMX)
{Mysonne, Mysonne the problem child DMX Ruff Ryders}
(Wanna flow wanna problem)
{Problem Children, y'all niggaz got problems}
(Wanna flow wanna problem)
{But they don't want no problems} (Nah baby)
{But they don't want no problems} (Wanna flow wanna problem)
{But they don't want no problems nah nah they don't want no problems}
(Wanna flow wanna problem)
{But they don't want no problems}
{But they don't want no problems} (Wanna flow wanna problem)
{But they don't want no problems nah nah they don't want no problems}
(No problems I'm telling you baby)
Yo, yo I told niggaz to pack they bags or grab they guns
Before I come it's tolate y'all had your fun
It's all over now, I don't wanna talk to niggaz
Popping shots like corks in niggaz, sticking forks in niggaz
Cause they done, only reason y'all still breathing is cause y'all run
When we bust shots, my nigga clutch glocks
Right in front of precents fuck cops
niggaz want pops then they die for them
Kiss the barrel, cry for them
Spirt leave your body touch the sky for them
Fuck voltron see what me and mines form
In the nine storm, death times gone
I'm that cat that y'all niggaz got your eyes on
Go to papi broke trying to get your pies on
The day that I'm gone I'm real fuck stardom
niggaz wanna talk but they don't want no problems
All y'all niggaz want is your heart back dog you pussy
Acting like you really wanna bark back don't push me
Only room enough for one dog to hold the shit down
You cowards know it now i'ma hold it down
When I'm done close it down
It's my shit here, FUCK that nigga just say try shit where
Come on cupcake y'all cats ain't even built like that
I been seen through they bullshit I'm real like that
I know how to walk the dog, I know how to chase the cat
I know how to get a bone, I know how to bring it back
I know how to flip on a nigga split him with the bat
I know how to train a pup to make sure they scratch
You motherfuckers don't want no problems cause my revolver is solving them
One by one until it's all of them
Let that be a lesson to your mans and shit
Keep your fucking mouth shut if your mans want spit, nigga
Well it's the kid that a
Crush your head into a cake batter
Y'all know that cake mix but y'all don't wanna taste this shit
Guns I should've been arrested for
Y'all gone make my bullets expand like a lesspee jaw
Don't you test me boy
Don't fuck with X or Drag to the dash
Cause once you dump in these bags you drag to the trash
Dumpster amoung the rest of them fags
My poker got your skin looking like acupunctures
Keep a silence on the tip can't afford the noise
My banger got a jagged edge like them four boys
If your hot i'll super soak you, won't be able to dry it off
Just relax take you last breath and die it off
Nothing but love I spread
But if you take advantage the weight that's lead will rush your head
You sweat'll die your hair red, like my bitch Eve
And no I'm not a faggot but I make niggaz striptease in front of me
It's fun to me, nitches
It's Time, it's time, it's time, it's time
This is time to build, it's time to build
It's time to build, it's time to build
It's time to build, this is time to build
I format my mind for combat
In fact I put a hole up in your back on the song like that
Rollin thick with my people ain't no room to breathe
Surrounded by murderous felons, drinks and bags of weed
I swing at ya and get fly with the M-I
I'm automatic trample in your static with the semi
So when I squeeze I'm off in the breeze with these
Licking shots at them whack MC's
With no direction, I rhyme with perfection skills
Drug a nigga like a pill when it's time to build
Keep it real, get your head rocked when I wreck shop
I bigger with my style ain't a bully on your fuckin block
Word is bond I go on
I'm breaking MC's with vocal tones over real rap songs
Insane in the brain nothing left to gain
Grab the mic up with skill when it's time to build, Mother Fuckers
This is time to build, it's time to build
It's time to build, it's time to build
It's time to build, this is time to build
Niggas increase the pain when they shout my name
Horrified by the thought of hot slugs and graves
Cause Ja is a sinister character loading that 44 caliber
Infrared aimed at your jugular
Who the fuck are you Nobody cares
You just be another nigga that needs repairs
Talking to all them niggas shitting
And all them faggots that be steady bitching, inside their insides twitching
Sod sill delivering, DOA push a nine to your mind and commence the spray
No bullshit, Natural's the king of left
Scared of life but wanna play the game of death
What's next Niggas wearing padded kotex
Pussy ass MC's get treated like rough sex
I'm possessed you can't feel what I feeler
Be easy on the cut, uh, uh, uh
This is time to build, it's time to build
It's time to build, it's time to build
It's time to build, this is time to build
Yeah, fresh on the scene-a with the fucking next niggas demeanor
You know my work I bless and press more skirts then the cleaners
I'm damn relaxed cause you cats can't stress the G
Ain't a enough jump in 'em to make you high enough to test me
Gone, niggas is moist like Duncan Heinz
Choice when I'm voicing my poise I got poison lines
So flame on I turn my game on the expert
Niggas get chills when you hear my name on the network
Fuck what you niggas kickin on the mic
You chicken like you don't know what an ass whippin feels like
I'm living flashbacks, I blaze niggas split like ass-cracks
It's the J to the A, smoother than jazz tracks, yeah
So when I'm browsing through your housing projects
Niggas get 5,000 shit is rough
Time to close I hit you with 16 of those
Next time maybe more, but who the fuck knows
This is time to build, it's time to build
It's time to build, it's time to build
It's time to build, this is time to build
Check it out yo, Check it out yo, Check it out yo, Check it out yo
I'm peeling niggas caps like oranges
Hit 'em in the head with 2 by 4 inches
I'm a grimy nigga so I like my bitches cruddy
My clothes dirty, dick shitty, and my knife bloody
I did too much dirt to turn back now
I'm the reason my lil' sister smoking crack now
I'd feel guilty if I had a heart but I don't
To live a carefree life if I stop killing but I won't
It's in my blood to destroy man kind
With every murder I lose it little more of my damn mind
And I ain't got much left to lose nigga ,so don't snooze nigga
I'm telling yous nigga, just pay your dues nigga
Respect my mother fucking style of rap
Murder your mic and your unborn child
This ain't wild just how niggas living on the street
A little something that cant be beat
It's Time, it's time, it's time, it's time
This is time to build, it's time to build
It's time to build, it's time to build
It's time to build, this is time to build
Recognize, understand, recognize, understand
Recognize, understand, recognize, understand
This is time to build
This is time to build
This is time to build
Rrrrrgh, uh, uh-huh
Uh.. uhh uhh, uh-huh
Here comes the boom Here comes the boom! Boomin, bouncin
Stalkin, must walk in, hawk get to pouncin
Get em where it counts and, hit em like a mountain
Spit em have em spittin out, blood like a fountain
Don't look at me like that, we just might fight black
And that fight, might end up in me takin your life back
I don't, go for the bullshit, cause I've been down
and time is, just too important to be fuckin around
Talk nigga, I stomp a mudhole in your face
Motherfucker, rip your butthole out of place
Cock the glock to your head, let off about two in it
Yeah it's a dirty job, but I just love doin in
Here comes the boom Here comes the boom I did more kinds of war crimes more times
than in war times, went way before times
You know what's sad man, that I'm such a mad man
bad man, with that BOOM you never had man
Here comes the boom Here comes the boom WHAT!
UHH!
WHAT!
C'MON!
HOOK:
AYO!
Bounce to that Trina Moe
Niggas about to blow
Bouncin straight out the door
Here we go, here we go
Bloodline, scratch all day, match all weight
Only dogs eatin is us we snatch all plates
Err, ERR! ERR! Get him boy
Click, click, pop the leash, hit him boy
Niggas brag about waggin, we stop the tails
X drop an album, niggas droppin sales
Niggas can't fuck with the dog, forget about it
Money went up against the dog, read about it
Man listen, you cats better walk easy
I'm on some positive shit but I still walk greasy
aint nothin changed, still aint sweet
stand on one block, but I own the whole street
and on the whole street is dirty niggas wit funny moves
leavin your house with bloody boots, we cruddy dudes
rest of them ass kissers, is sensitive ass niggas
fourth album, and I still get in that ass nigga
HOOK 2X
It's Dark and Hell is Hot, Flesh of my Flesh, Blood of my Blood
And Then There Was X
Got niggas like what's next and then
Hit 'em again, you cats aint never gon' win
I was here before most of y'all careers were born
I'll be here when y'all careers are gone, still strong
Difference between right and wrong is me
Niggas talk shit, but you can't MC
we already know how much your watch is worth
talk about, helpin the hurt, savin the church
won't you brag about helpin out where you come from
and give brothers a job that really want one
gotta think about that shit you said, you don't mean it
I done listened to that shit you said, but I done seen it
most of you cats is type funny
but when it comes time to feed the hungry, gon get type ugly
HOOK 2X
man I'm already knowin, like y'all niggas is knowin
you can't fuck with dog, bust a cap, scrap or flowin, WHAT!
seein is believin and well, let's just see
I aint even gon' speak, one million the first week
aight, let's ask the streets, how many sold?
WHAT? Three niggas, three months to go gold?
c'mon esse, keep it real holmes
you fuckin with the dog, you already know
this aint nothin new, fuck is you mad at
15 million, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah
rest assured, I'm best abroad
you can test Billboard, cuz the, rest are frauds
I got 18 years under my belt, rappin
let me see, you was three, I was, makin it happen
next time we bump heads don't be hard headed
show some motherfuckin respect bitch, or you'll all get it
HOOK 2X
Huh, you know what time it is
This is the remix (this is the remix)
'99 to infinite
Bad Girls
Kima, Kiesha, Pam
Talk to me
Baby, yeah (I like this right here)
Your show is bumpin' (c'mon)
You show me somethin' (heh heh, something, baby)
See, I won't (c'mon), trade you
In for nothin' mmmm (I like the way it's goin' down)
See erything, you do to me
You got me trippin' (you got me trippin' baby, but I like it)
And I'm satisfied (c'mon)
And I'm guaranteed (let's go)
I hope you (yeah)
That you've been checkin' me (it's the remix)
I know what you're talkin' bout
You got me trippin' on my own feet, yeah, yeah
You got me buggin' boy (c'mon) ohhh
You bring me so much joy, (yeah)
You got me open, boy
And I'ma save my - self for you, baby (that's right)
Keisha talk to me
Baby, yeah (huh)
There's something (there's somethin'), I'll mention (c'mon)
Me and her (I like the way that sound) la la la la la la la (c'mon)
See, she's no (she's no), competition (heh, heh)
So tell her, yeah (tell her now) (you look good, can I taste you)
That you're through with her (yeah)
And you're lovin' me (that's right)
And that's To-totally (that's Totally, Kima, Kiesha, and Pam) Totally
And you're dedicated (you're dedicated), to me
Uh, huh, ah
Like to sprout when the lights is out (DMX)
Keeping niggas on point, that's what life's about (that's right)
You like to shout I'ma put that shit to a-cease (huh huh) (yeah)
From here to the paper, from the bed to the grease (a'ight)
Like police, I get away with mad credit shit
Only the niggas that don't catch it, doin' some mad hungry shit (huh) (uh huh)
All that buddy shit was left alone, back in school (ugh) (c'mon)
Even then, the nigga was cuttin' up (yeah), actin' fools (what!)
Broke a lot of rules (why) just because I could (uh, huh) (that's right)
Got away with most of it, just because I'm good (uh huh)
Stabbin' niggas with wood, I was one of the first
Doin' dirt, but I'm still outrunnin' the Hertz
And it's always worst than it looks (uh, huh) (c'mon)
But then you never understandin' the thirst of a crook (you arrested)
First comes the hook, the assault, then come the robbery (damn)
My world is always (ugh!) dark and ain't no stoppin' me
Come on!
(C'mon, sing to me Keisha) (Mmmmmmmmmm) Baby
(Take me to the bridge) (Mmm-mmmmmm) There's one thing
(Can you feel it) (Mmmmm-mmm) I'll mention
(I like the way it feels) (Mmmmmm-mmm) Nah, nah, nah
(This one's for me) (Mmmmmm-mmm) See she's no
(Mmmm-mmmm) Competition (c'mon, let's go)
(Bad Boy) (Mmmmmmmmmm) Baby
(Ruff Ryder) (Mmm-mmmmmm) There's one thing
(Def Jam) (Mmmmm-mmm) I'll mention
(DMX and we won't stop) (Mmmmmm-mmm) Nah, nah, nah
(Cuz she won't stop) (Mmmmmm-mmm) See she's no
(Back it up, back it up) (Mmmm-mmmm) Competition
I hope you That you've been checkin' me (just dance for me)
I know what you're talkin' bout (just dance for me)
You got me trippin' on my own feet (just dance for me)
You got me buggin' boy (this is the remix)
You bring me so much joy (this is the remix)
And I'ma save myself for you (yo hooker, yellow man, PD)
I hope you
That you've been checkin' me (hit me baby, HA!)
I know what you're talkin' bout
You got me trippin' on my own feet
You got me buggin' boy
You bring me so much joy
And I'ma save my - self for you
We know y'all out to drink 'til y'all throw up
We know y'all sittin' on 20's
We know y'all reppin' your hood
But how many y'all KILL!!!
Bounce that ass, load them cribs,
let me see the mobbin' niggaz that, uhh, talk shit
While these muthatfuckaz be scummy and'll go for the money,
ready to ride when they holdin' a lick
Thugs with the Chevy's, thugs with the trucks,
the real gun runner never run when he bust
Henny and he mobs in the front, smoke a 'dro blunt,
sippin' with a fifty sack under the nuts
Hoes with ass and no gut
let me see you jiggle it from SIDE TO SIDE
Niggaz if it's static, then pass me the strap,
gonna RIDE 'Til MY RIDE
All the hoes that'll freaky niggaz, with the 'fedi,
let's get buck up in the club
And all my soldiers, FALL OUT, gangstas, MOB UP
All the homeys on the block,
anny up on the fin and let's go get us a sack
Serve too, we got a custom 'Lac, hustlin' pack,
til a nigga bust, they bustin' back
Guys that'll roll them dice and win,
girls with 'fits that show the skin
Real niggaz mind your best friend at the pen,
real hoes let your best friend know about men
Cause I be squeezin' ass
and'll make a full glass disappear like a genie
Move to the LOX and Beanie,
while them hoes backin' that thang up on my weenie
It's like no nigga in the world could see me
when I Ruff Ryde with Drag-On
Rollin' up big babies in a Mercedes,
if you want herb we got bombs
Gotta kick that shit for the fine bitches and all my nugz
For the ones who smoke pot, do stick ups, and ball in our hood
What do a nigga say when he say Drag-On and Twista (Wanna kill me)
Gangsta (Let's ride), hustla (Feel me)
By know everybody should know, that the kid spit tight,
and this kid spit fire light
And the bitch I don' fucked like last night,
I don't give a fuck 'bout a 2 and a half mic
Cause the only muthafuckin' magazine that I read,
is when I buy my gun from it
How many bullets you could digest in that one stomach,
I suggest y'all run from it
And the click-click from the calico, I gotta go,
make it pimp with a lot of hoes
I'm the same muthafucka that's countin' that dough,
cookin' that coke to a pot of gold
Cause my rainbow, is every color top that crackhead cop,
I don't care I gotta cap me a cop
As long as I got enough money to cop me a drop, pop enough glocks
Drag open up boots by watchin' co-op's in convo at condos
Keep the heat up in jeeps, in case y'all creep up on me
I run up on y'all in a cab with a meter on me
And the only on leavin' is me
And the only one bleedin' is you, tryin' to breeze with me
All the Roc is E-N-Y-C-E, in the NYC with the white T
All I really do is
R-U-double F, R-Y-D-E, D-R-A-G, to the dash O-N
Catch me, smokin' potent, bet it leave y'all, niggaz soakin',
with your insides open
ERRRRRRR!!!!
Hold the fuck up!
Slow down!
Drag, Twista, listen up
These muthafuckaz don't know what's real out here
(They damn sure don't)
This is volume 2 (volume 2)
Nigga, so, get ignorent!
Whether murder or bouncy beat, my flow be philosophical
Smokin' on tropical, achievin' all missions impossible
When I up the block at you, I'ma pop at you
If your momma cry there's nothin' I could do
Should not've fucked with Mr. Illogical
When I'm in to clubbin', clubbin', shake it don't you break it
You booty to shapey, can't take it, wanna see you naked
I don' drunk a boo muthafucka, so you know I'm lit up
Everybody get up, spin witha a Twista, it's a stick up
This where the shit pick up, let me load this clip up,
lust pour me some liquor, Flame-On and Twista,
let's see if you murdered who'll miss ya
I love the dirty south, that's why I gotta dirty mouth
that'll burn you out
Tell your bitch I got a dick that'll turn her out,
especially when I tell her turn around
I don' hurt her now
Shit'll come back, and I think it's time to get murdered now
I'm tired of silly clowns, spittin' out weak shit, sound like my shit
You gon' make me pull a all nighter
Standin' infront of your crib with that gasoline and that lighter
Now hit, we won't miss ya, Drag-On and Twista
(Puttin' it on 'em!)
f/ Cross, Drag-On, Infa-Red, Sheek, Syleena Johnson
* send corrections to the typist
Uhh (huh) yeah, it is what it is
Yah'mean? We untouchable baby
I keep my song in my soul
Blessed my heart and made it go
Tops of our heads to tips of our toes
We're untouchable
Everyday the sun'll shine
Took this dream and made it mine
I'm gettin down one thing that I know (WHAT!)
We're untouchable
We built this Double R thing from the ground up
Another principle of when it's beef, niggaz round up
Gettin down like what nigga, YO!
That's all it takes and it's like, HERE WE GO!
Thorough type niggaz that control the streets
Rollin deep, holdin heat, don't even think about sleep
When we creep, niggaz goin down for the count
It ain't sweet, fuck around and knock money out
C'mon fella, you don't want the dog with the camp
Not Old Yeller, a pitbull and dog is the champ
You know better, think about crossin the line
Hit your sweater, with about ten from the .9
Double R and we get down for life!
Let a nigga KNOW we can go down tonight
From the tops of our heads, the tips of our toes
WHAAAAT! We untouchable, AIGHT?
Yea, WHAT!
Yea, yeah, YEAH! Be strong..
I represent the have and the have-nots
All the niggaz with the weed spots
And all my niggaz on them cell blocks
We gon' R-U-double-F R-Y-D-E
You can't fuck with my army
My niggaz is untouchable, eatin niggaz like Lunchable
.45 be crushin you when the bullets be touchin you
Paul bearers'll carry you
to the cemetary where your momma gon' bury you
Black suit be fittin you nigga, I got hood degrees
Plus I'm street like powder, milk, and government cheese
If you a runnin man nigga, then I'ma shoot up your knees
Then it's me against the world, man against machine
S.D.T.S. - stick to my routine
My knuckle game impeccable, crack game incredible
Lawyers for my niggaz who be sittin in the Federal
Nigga, I'm untouchable
Lyrically I'm, untouchable..
Infa-Red nigga, let's go..
All I can know is 365 days of pain
My name, how to sell cocaine
And I was taught to buy guns so big when I go to the roof
I can aim and shoot down a plane
Infa-Red's my name but fuck all that
Fall back and witness how the streets made me the grimiest nigga alive
I sell you a fake pie, shoot out your fake eye
Give niggaz a break, nah; I gotta chase mine
Don't wear your watch around me nigga I take time
Like niggaz that them blue tried to like
I turn men to mice, canary yellow my ice
And Ruff Ryde on anybody, to be precise
But I handle my business like I'm supposed to
When you go in the precinct, that's the only time you see my poster
But I could post up and get rid of my pieces
I own collies sellin rocks the size of Domino pizzas
I'm untouchable, nigga
Double R.. whoo! All day..
Yo, aiyyo X let me get 'em daddy - yo, yo, yo
U-N-T-O-U-C-H, A-B-L-E-S
Sheek the new Elliott Ness (no doubt)
Nigga, Bloodline, D-Block; two of the best
Hang the Double R chain from the side of the car
Drive by and put your brains on the side of the bar
Sheek heavy in the hood (uh-huh)
And I don't mean cause I gained weight in the hood (nah)
My aim is good, aiyyo X what they want it to be here?
Our hammer's cocked, outside of the house on the lawn chair
Yeah nigga what? The new rap LeBron's here
Get 'em dog, we the new America's nightmare
And we don't say much, we just get it on
That's why we don't get touched, y'all like a dutch
Hands all on you, I'm tryna warn you
to stay in your place, so you don't get laced
And them pretty ass shades, can stay on your face
Uhh, uhh, uhh, c'mon!
You motherfuckers got me back on my grizzly, I'm back on the grind
I'm back to the streets, catch a beef, come back with the nine
I'll murder ya man, come back with his shines
I tote two guns, I don't care if you box, I don't care if you blind
I spit in your eye like niggaz is eatin, I'm splittin the pies
Frank Nitty your rap, how gritty am I? The city is mine
Yeah, you get in my way I pity your moms
Yeah, my block is real, my niggaz is armed
My borough is thorough, we bang with each other
I'm switchin my diamonds and changin the color
with change of weather, canary in the sun, uhh
I bury ya nigga then bury the gun, X whattup?
Me and you is untouchable (uh-huh)
We both had bricks they couldn't sniff cause the coke was uncrushable
Guns is fingerprint-proof, we "Ryde or Die"
You drivin by, we clap at your ride, good-bye
f/ Big Stan, Mic Geronimo
* bonus track, continues on track #17 at 12:55
YEAH! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
C'mon, c'mon hah hah, M.G
Know the G, hah hah, know the face
Hah hah, know the name nigga, hah
C'mon, yeah, yeah
Now who could do it like the M-I-C, y'all niggaz ain't about this life
Runnin up inside of the crib to cut your lights
My A.R. likes the thug life, drugs and gun fights
White on whites, menage and dykes, and nice ice
White wraps for these niggaz who scrap and gun clap
Stick up kids, leavin y'all with two in the back
Once you bitch-made niggaz started doin the rap
Seven figure shit really started ruinin rap
Take it back to hood shit bulletproof and biscuits
Chips all for hustle and grams go from bricks
And whips for templates, we switch while we movin all of this weight
'til we screamin all of us hate
You see shit's still real
Nothin ever change cause we still in the field
Niggaz try to front but the game's too real
We don't give a fuck bout the way you feel
So fuck what you feel and shit's still real
Nothin ever change cause we still in the field
Niggaz try to front but the game's too real
We don't give a fuck bout the way you feel
So fuck what you feel, yeah
Y'all niggaz better get the guns
Fuck the pep talk, I don't wanna hear it
When it's on it's on, talkin I don't feel it
That's the fake shit, argue and just make shit hot
And with my short fuse I'm always quick to make shit pop
Nigga respect this, catch me on the block and with gloves
I'm ambidextrous, sold with the glock and the snub
But I ain't reckless, with me it's always one big dot
then one big shot, and one kid drops
Head shot, closed lid over one big box
And a preacher left prayin over one big plot
Never a mess, now I wanna conquer the world
And I'ma do it, wanna know how? Fuckin with Earl
He's the one that took me in to raise the dog from a pup
With his guidance, help create a beast from a mutt
Just released from the cut goin straight for the neck
B.S., Bloodline, what the fuck you expect nigga?
Uhh, WHAT?! Uhh
Uhh, uhh, uhh
It's time to take out the garbage, y'all niggaz want the hard shit
I got shit that'll start shit, rip apart shit and disregard shit
Thought it wasn't real no more, just because I got a deal
What you think, I ain't gon' steal no more?
"Usual Suspects" once again - thus begins
the bullshit we both went through form trusted friends
Bustin him from where? (It's time to peel)
Fuck what you heard baby! Shit's still real
Y'all niggaz think your shit don't stink, cause it don't think
Hit a motherfuckin iceberg your ship won't sink
Bitch don't blink, cause I'ma hit you with somethin
I'ma hit you for frontin, I'ma hit you for nuttin? You buggin
I'm lovin it - the obstacles that I go through
It keeps me real, don't make me have to show you
Fuck you cause I don't know you, and listen dog
If I gots to blow you, you know where you goin to
f/ Big Stan
* send corrections to the typist
UHH UHH UHHHHHH!!!!!!!
Yeah!!
{*repeat 3X*}
Def Jam Yeah!! (come on)
Ruff Ryders Yeah!! (come on)
Bloodline, we bout to blow (WHAT!)
Ruff Ryders, we bout to blow (WHAT!)
Vacant Lot, we bout to blow (WHAT!)
Man, bitch-ass niggaz just don't know
I'm just gonna stick to the script cuz you know how that shit go
Quick to the flip dog, kitten don't let go
Get that shit yo, wrong or right me
Dog for life and its on tonight
Y'all niggaz make money, money, money
My Niggaz take money, money, money
Bloodline, get down cuz I love mine
I can put my life on the line at least one time
Cats don't know nothing, but show frontin
I'm a pump pump it up like Joe Budden
Dark Man, bang your head with the walk man
Tryna holla at shorty, you still tryna talk man
Sometimes niggaz is worse than the bitches
So I'm a holla at you, but first with the stitches
Cats don't know who you fucking with
'til you fucking with X and you stuck in shit
Yo Grease I need this beat, no disrespect
I just got some shit I need to get off my chest
Look around and I see the rap game is a mess
So many chromes, now they getting me vexed
Upset and insane in how the game gonna change shit
Sounding the same, and it's a ma fucking shame
While lames think they flow so sick, getting excited
Yeah they got a sick flow, its called the ?Young Hoe Virus?
BUT, let me fall back into character
B got so hot, never been an amateur
Ask the locals, Boy its Lo-Co
Never Stop my flow, wanna go pro, you know
Check the history, started with the R's
Now I'm running with the line, four time, no mystery
Dog, tryna position me to get in the door
But since the door don't open wide enough, we rippin it off
Dog, gonna be Dog, that's how I get down
Step up, nigga, sit down, put your shit down (AIGHT!!!)
Clowns ain't even built for the circus, I'm about to pop this nigga
(DOG, It ain't worth it)
TAHHHH, yeah you right, soon as your man make it dead at night
I'll be there, aight?? (then what??)
Everything stops, money turns on the light, and Pa Pop Pop Pop!!!
None stop shots ringing out, cowards hit the ground
I came to get down if you came to get down
Blow the pound up, niggaz wanna what with us
Bloodline and the dog I trust, so for the dog I bust
That thang, catch me while I'm up in the truck with that thang
Dog get the word, it's a must that I bang
And trust me, I'm gonna do my motherfuck'n thang
Yeah! Come on man, ya niggaz don't know what the fuck this shit is!
Gutter {*repeat 4X*}
Dj Clark Kent: What you think gon' happen if I get Ice Cube
to do a joint with the wildest dog on the East Coast? Man
they don't know. beat drops here Heavyweight Def Jam
Clark World
Cube:
Once again it's on the muthafuckin' psycho
Ice Cube the Don Mega with my nigga DMX
huh A diamond in the rough
punk, he gon' stay in the rough
East meets West it's goin' down
Yeah we be clubbin'
we be clubbin'
we be clubbin' we be clubbin' we be clubbin'
I'm in the city bitch we clubbin' nigga what
I'm treated like the Presidential motorcade
takin' out the residential global persperation
freaky gyrations close to fornication
Numbers get passed when asked information
intoxication faded inebriated
Designated driver liver than MacGyver
blockin' freaks in all of 'em tens
stallions get them to pile in
Sittin' on 'Lacs bitch we write raps
Backdo' access you gettin' jealous
standin' all in line with designer umbrellas
Bad fellas runnin' with the Eastside Connection
any kind of club with a star check they weapons
Who wanna sex DMX get naked
fuckin' to security show us the exit
Chorus:
Heavy hitters countin' figures
We be Clubbin'
Mixin' blunts and heavy liquors
We be Clubbin'
For all my live ass niggas
We be clubbin'
Fuckin' all them gold diggers
We be clubbin'
we be clubbin' we be clubbin' we be clubbin'
Kent: DMX Ruff Riders
DMX:
Grrr grrr
All I do is import to export transport to West port
a nigga still breathin' today 'cause the vest
caught them slugs you sprayed at me now
get at me if you want more
Put a fuckin' hole up in yo' back
so what's the front for?
Come on baby we some noisemakers
catchin' niggas with bricks at am I ??
comin' through Las Vegas
made us wanted dead or alive
on mad niggas hit lists
but ain't a muthafucka come get this
Witness what's unheard of cold blooded murder
this hot shit'll have you smellin' like a fuckin' ??
and the shell from the twelve is all it takes
to make a nigga spin like twice then fall
you call for help
but ain't none comin'
The avmen slaughtered the robbery gun runnin'
and when I'm done gunnin' we all gon' meet up at the club
fuckin' with Cube it's nothin' but love
Nigga What!!
Chorus
Bridge: Kent scratching
New York get ya club on
L.A. get ya club on
Chicago get ya club on
Atlanta get ya club on
DMX:
Fuck that shit
If the dog's off the leash then the dog's gonna bite (rooof)
If the dog's in the ring then the dog's gonna fight (rooof)
If the dog's on the West Coast then I'm fuckin' with Cube
Where them hoes at nigga keep 'em comin' in twos
Cube:
Like Noah I make it wetter the doubleheader
hit that ass like I got a vendetta you know it's better
with the Don Mega shake it off shake it off
take it off take it off and make it soft biotch
DMX:
Uhh, It's all good it's all right
fuck all day fuck all night
Call all my niggas 'cause wherever I go
y'all my niggas East to the West Coast all my niggas
Cube DMX :
Now the East to the West
piece of the best sick of this shit Grrrrr
Added DMX to add grit in this shit Grrrr
Atlantic to Pacific spittin' this shit Grrrr
Got love for my niggas that's gettin' a grip Grrr
We be clubbin'
Chorus
Cube Kent ad lib while DMX growls barks 'til end
Dj Clark Kent: What you think gon' happen if I get Ice Cube
to do a joint with the wildest dog on the East Coast? Man
they don't know. Heavyweight Def Jam
Clark World
Cube:
Once again it's on the muthafuckin' psycho
Ice Cube the Don Mega with my nigga DMX
huh A diamond in the rough
punk, he gon' stay in the rough
East meets West it's goin' down
Yeah we be clubbin'
we be clubbin'
we be clubbin' we be clubbin' we be clubbin'
I'm in the city bitch we clubbin'
I'm treated like the Presidential motorcade
takin' out the residential global persperation
freaky gyrations close to fornication
Numbers get passed when asked information
intoxication faded inebriated
Designated driver liver than MacGyver
blockin' freaks in all of 'em tens
stallions get them to pile in
Sittin' on 'Lacs bitch we write raps
Backdo' access you gettin' jealous
standin' all in line with designer umbrellas
Bad fellas runnin' with the Eastside Connection
any kind of club with a star check they weapons
Who wanna sex DMX get naked
fuckin' to security show us the exit
Chorus:
Heavy hitters countin' figures
We be Clubbin'
Mixin' blunts and heavy liquors
We be Clubbin'
For all my live ass niggas
We be clubbin'
Fuckin' all them gold diggers
We be clubbin'
Kent: DMX Ruff Riders
DMX:
Grrr grrr
All I do is import to export transport to West port
a nigga still breathin' today 'cause the vest
caught them slugs you sprayed at me now
get at me if you want more
Put a fuckin' hole up in yo' back
so what's the front for?
Come on baby we some noisemakers
catchin' niggas with bricks at am I ??
comin' through Las Vegas
made us wanted dead or alive
on mad niggas hit lists
but ain't a muthafucka come & get this
Witness what's unheard of cold blooded murder
this hot shit'll have you smellin' like a fuckin' ??
and the shell from the twelve is all it takes
to make a nigga spin like twice & then fall
you call for help
but ain't none comin'
The avmen slaughtered the robbery & gun runnin'
and when I'm done gunnin' we all gon' meet up at the club
fuckin' with Cube it's nothin' but love
Nigga What!!
Chorus
Bridge:
New York get ya club on
L.A. get ya club on
Chicago get ya club on
Atlanta get ya club on
DMX:
Fuck that shit
If the dog's off the leash then the dog's gonna bite (rooof)
If the dog's in the ring then the dog's gonna fight (rooof)
If the dog's on the West Coast then I'm fuckin' with Cube
Where them hoes at nigga keep 'em comin' in twos
Cube:
Like Noah I make it wetter the doubleheader
hit that ass like I got a vendetta you know it's better
with the Don Mega shake it off shake it off
take it off take it off and make it soft biotch
DMX:
Uhh, It's all good it's all right
fuck all day fuck all night
Call all my niggas 'cause wherever I go
y'all my niggas East to the West Coast all my niggas
Cube :
Now the East to the West
piece of the best sick of this shit
Added DMX to add grit in this shit
Atlantic to Pacific spittin' this shit
Got love for my niggas that's gettin' a grip
We be clubbin'
Chorus
Intro: Styles:
What! Niggaz can't fuck with us
DMX:
Get at me dog. My niggaz
Styles:
That's my word!
Verse One: DMX
I'm the type to kick back and look at shit
'cause crooked shit gets me amped
And what you don't know will get you locked in sleep away camp.
Grand champ and raise more hell than a Sorrel
See you at the peephole bustin' at the doorbell
Though I wasn't coming without mine
You put me on the front line because you doubt mine
Bet your and lost yours, you come to get your I tossed yours
And it cost yours, fuck y'all niggaz stupid, I'm the boss dog
What more dirt must I do, plus my crew
Busts at you, and you be like "What's that oooh"
What's that Clue, do I bring the noise what
Destroy these mutts, is these niggaz toys or what
Bring all the pretty niggaz thinking they shitty, what a pity
Lemme show them niggaz shitty some pity, but for fifty
A motherfucker will get a bullet to hum to him, put the gun to him
Hit 'em with something that comes to him, bet it runs through him
Look at what I done to him, no more smiles
Got the whole top half of his head, running wild
But you don't hear me though, so I turn out the lights
We can take it to the streets dog, turn off the mics
If you want war, then you want more, than you can stand
And this 44, will leave you with your dick in the sand
Who the man, and now you cats know for real
Get at me dog, (bark), what the deal
Verse Two: Styles
Y'all niggaz fucking with the L.O.X.
Your stuck on a rock
Got that Alcatraz flow
You just don't know
Lifetime kid caged in blazin'
Any type of rapper or federal agent
Paniro the made man, blade man
Stand up type of guy, your living a lie
Niggaz wanna be pretty and fly but kiddies will die
The dogs run the city, bet fifty on mine
Two grams for you to sniff, how silly am I
Got a lot of jokes don't, kill yo ass won't I
Maybe not if the spot is filled up with po 9
Many niggaz get it confused, blame the rules
Only ask the how's not the who's
Better off busting your tool, then we might get the crew
But as far as rap goes, you a motherfucking fool
If you don't want chips, you should have stayed in school
You and 8-ball nigga, you wanna play pool
I'll put you in the side pocket, look at the size of my rocket
Styles don't lie, cop the work then clock it
Boxes full of boots, jeans, suits and watches
Niggaz don't pump if they can't make a profit
Stop it, before we pull it back then cop it
Vacant lot niggaz come through then we lock it
(WHAT, WHAT, WHAT)
Verse Three: Jadakiss
With no glocks I'm in your town with five locks
Take five blocks, come back with five trucks, with knots
It's the L.O.X, three niggaz that listen and watch
And nigga you know, whenever we spit, it's hot
It be that new flow, my niggaz, fly niggaz
Always high niggaz, ready to die niggaz
As far as I'm hearing, y'all doing a lot of comparing
Lemme get the one clearance like a sample
'Kiss is the champ and I know that you don't wanna get stamped
Left somewhere cramp, so when it rains, you get damp
Niggaz is done, since poppy raised his son
When bringing in drums, to bring all g's to bums
Whether you can flow or not ain't the issue
You don't Jay to kiss you, his lyrics pierce the gristle
Take a puff then a swig
Think about how I'm gonna
hold it down for Big, my motherfucking nig
Your money is low, and your flow been late
While I be coming through with new shit with tint plates
The only higher than money, is respect
The only thing hotter than my click, is a tek
So when I hit you with these last bars around your neck
You gonna know never to fuck around with L-O-X nigga
(WHAT, YEAH)
Verse Four: Sheek Luchion
My bank account be doubling
While you niggaz stay in trouble and
L.O.X. stay fly
Three niggaz jig-I
Shit you never seen before, Feds hit the repo law
Kingpin, 10 mil. each of us popular
It's Sheek baby
Chicks hate to see me on the Soul Train
With Don Cornelius
And all they got is alias
To work with
To catch Sheek, y'all niggaz besta work quick
Now that I'm eating right, plus living well
So nowadays when I burp, it's fettucini you smell
Ain't that right poppa-san, used to push a Nissan
With a black master full 850 full suspension
While you collect your pension, I ain't worked in years
My stomach is fat from Puerto Rican food, while yours is scarce
Small black haired, chinky-eyed Puerto Rican mama
Keep them laced in the scadda, half the closet on product
I learn things, just by watching y'all niggaz make the wrong moves
Now I know what not to do, to make more than y'all fools
Y'all think we ignorant, 'cause we don't budge unless we benefit
Cats that take the light that's scarce and see what's at the end of it
P.H. me, because a nigga wisks me up in Jake B.
Your shit be so-so, low pro.
On a bus before the cars show
On some old joystick shit, no mirrors
I can see behind me through the cameras
Flip plates, make the whole block go bananas
[sample:] "Didn't I fool ya baby? Aww, didn't I fool ya?"
[Cam] Uhh, what's really good? X I'm in the buildin man, yea!
[sample:] "Didn't I fool ya baby? Aww, didn't I fool ya?"
[DMX] It's all, good, my, nigga
[Cam] That's right, you know how we do dawg, "Pull It"
[Cam] Y.O., Harlem, we back part two man, Dark Man where you at?
[DMX] Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, UHH, UHHHH!!!
Let's set this shit off, start this shit RIGHT
It's goin down to-night!
Dawg off the leash, dawg walks with heat
Dawg stalks the streets, in New York to eat
How many times do I gotta come through (YEA!)
Layin that thing down, puttin holes in you
You cats get it on the double, so stay the fuck
out of my WAYYYY, you don't want no trouble (c'mon!)
We travel double far, to bring you trouble God
We rollin double hard, yea nigga Double R!
I don't know what you thought it was, but it's NOT
But I know that you caught the SLUGS, they was hot
Get the fuck off the block! (WHAT?) There's no more room
for bitch niggaz (uhh) dawg I'm comin to get niggaz (YEA!)
Lift niggaz, out they boots, dust it
Cause I don't just walk around with them things to bust it
Uhh, we go hard!
Never mind what a nigga say - we go hard!
We gon' play how we wanna play - we go hard!
Man we do this shit all day - we go hard!
Motherfucker! Uhh, we go hard!
Never mind what a nigga say - we go hard!
We gon' play how we wanna play - we go hard!
Bitch, we do this shit all day - we go hard!
Motherfucker!
Yo, I leave jail smoothly, jump in the pale hooptie
Fuck the dick-suckin-ass nigga male groupies
Diplomats, you look at alliance, you shook in defiance
I'm cookin up coke, lookin for clients
I got the AK, SK, 40 cal
Scope red on your head still 40 thou' (40 thousand)
Worse than files of {?} turf burstin blaow
Give the church my child, ask to nurture thou
Cause I've seen the hearses now
But if this was Gilligan's Isle, Thirstin Howl, wow
Look at his kicks, they worth a thou'
Isn't it sad, do what I say and wish that you had
You Michigan crabs, you stabbed you piss in a bag
Or worse than that, zipped in a bag
Broke to fractions, a division of math
From, Hollywood, shittin on Shaft, we go hard
Killa Killa Killa, Killa uh uhh
KILLA!
X and Killer Cam, Dark Man X, once again - PULL IT!
Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, UHHHHHHH!
I just love how it's goin, Cam, X flowin
(GET AT 'EM DAWG) I'm already knowin
Step lightly around dawg (YEA!) I might be hittin town dawg (YEA)
You really tryin to get down dawg?
Only thing I can do with pussy is fuck it
And I would tell you to suck my dick but you might suck it
See y'all niggaz the cat type (WHAT?)
You still a baby get your ass wiped (WHAT?)
Must I take a nigga's last stripe? (c'mon!)
Youse a bitch, now more bitch than a bitch
Still a bitch fuckin bitch, you been a bitch
Know how we do, run up, in a bitch
Peep the crib, run up, in it quick (yea!)
Everything breathin stops; only thing my niggaz is leavin
is shots, you done got a nigga hot
Let me catch you on the block, bitch-ass niggaz is cowards
Done fucked around and dropped the soap in the shower (C'MON!)
.....[Forte & DMX Growling]....
You wanna bust guns (You wanna lock fists) - DMX in parentheses
Forte' ! (DMX!)
Be the hottest!
We Got This!!! (You ain't hear!!!!)
We Got This! ( Nigga! You ain't hear!!!)
We Got This!
Straight up! We locked it!!!
Associated with the razor blade spinners like gym stars and heavy hitters,
Them younger gods love banana clips, broads that strip
candle wax, brown Beamers to whip
And jerk a bitch, known to hit ya, for taking pictures!
Thirty two shots to split ya!
It's all about the cash when I'm fuckin' wit' ya!
John could make ya richer!
Fuck the Prince of Bel-Air!
I'm known to sell heir, got game like a politician
whose trying to add on, when it's not addition
You need to revamp! The hottest nigga out the Refugee Camp!
Run up on you B, and leave your seat damp!
And sell stocks slow, sellin' high, by low
From Madina up to Y.O.
El Capitan John, micapo
Get tore down, and that's the way it go down!
The east is like the wild west without the showdown!
Them niggas be like, "what now!"
Get cut down! From the gut down!
Intense heh And leave you shut down!
You knocked out! Regardless, what round! WHAT NOW!!
Unghh!!! My nigga said it!!
Niggas'll get it! That's the rule!
I'm 'bout to break money off - a - li'l somethin', pass the food!
Cuz when I'm drunk! I'm a different nigga!
And all you gonna see is a spark, ain't no whiffin' nigga!
I figure like this...It's just me against the world!
Cuz all my fuckin' life, it's been the world against Earl!
What you think I'm-a do...when my back's against the wall!!
Fuck it! get ROLLED! Roll 'til I fall!
X'll Kill 'em all!!! That's what they say to me now!
You vermon nigga! In a time where it's okay to be foul!!
And you lovin' it!
It's got John Blaze! Just duckin' it!
And this track won't rest, unless X'll put the slug in it!
But, would it fit! Nah, don't even think like that!
This is some shit that I could let go, and bring right back!
It's like crack, if you cook it, overlook it, so I shook it!!!
Like a pit, what you get, is what you wit' me so I took it!
This track'll make me zone out!
Run up in the party with the chrome out!
Clear Jerome out, no doubt!
Ice jingling, sons mingling, drugs we bring it in!
Pikasoe baby!
Gotta get this money baby!
50's and 100's baby!
My whole crew be sonnin' you
What you gonna talk about wit' a gun in front of you!
Niggas grimy wit' it, slimy wit' it!
Put in the card baby, you gone
Too many hard rappers live for cunan
You knew John was too on
Me and DMX, whether change your suit on
Walk dogs, word to god bound to live large and get charged, WHAT!
Unghh! Unghh!
If you my dog, YOU CREEP WHEN I CREEP!
EAT WHEN I EAT!
SLEEP WHEN I SLEEP!
For real, SHIT IS DEEP!
And what you don't know, will kill you!
From X, to Forte' niggas will feel you!!
I'm roundin' mine more
And very few can nine hold
The kick's too strong, y'all niggas do songs, we live on!
Dough to sit on!
I'm down to shit on!
Watch y'all talkin' mothafuckas keep walkin' watch the dogs barkin'!
Ungh! Ungh! Ungh!
I set the clock!
Clip the glock!
Hit the block!
Rip the rock!
In the sock!
Get the knot!
This shit is hot!
Can't deny it, you mothafuckas since you know how it go, don't try it!
Yeah you know how we do it, Funk Flex, Big Kap, Def Jam
The Tunnel, Ruff Ryders, Let's go baby
Ruff Ryders (We in here!)
Ruff Ryders (We stayin here!)
Ruff Ryders (Ain't goin nowhere,
Ain't hidin nowhere, ain't runnin nowhere)
Ya'll laughin, when we comin, we checkin the cabinets
Body parts we baggin, we ain't comin for the crack
We come to crack backs and ? over niggaz hair dew
Spit rays, pop off C's and graze niggaz fades
I creep in a Mustang, bust my heat in the rain
Till they get a rust stain
Y'all niggaz heard of me, probably wanna murder me
I'll pull up on ya block and turn your white teeth burgundy
Let's see some surgery
Watch the first lady as she rides
Rougher than the rest of them bitches
What it take for cats to hush they mouth
This one official
Come on clown prove it's still an issue
Streets is ours, have ya homies weepin cause they miss you
Thought it was a game when I said the dogs would get you
Heard you fucked up cause E-V-E bit you
Flex knows what the real is
That's why he deal wit
Ruff Ryders baby droppin bombs nigga feel this
Ruff Ryders (We in here!)
Ruff Ryders (We stayin here!)
Ruff Ryders (Ain't goin nowhere,
Ain't hidin nowhere, ain't runnin nowhere)
Why ya'll braggin, I'm over here choppin and baggin
And I don't want the drop coupe so I'm choppin the wagon
Dark navy blue six speed, six air-bags
Even if this shit crash, feel like Six Flags
And ya'll niggaz cant block my shells
When I'm in jail the C.O. don't lock my cell
Before any rap group, we was the L.O.X. crooks
I'll slap a hundred dollars on the whole blocks books
And know the block shook, when I walk by
Niggaz just like you they rather not look
I inspired y'all niggaz to flow
I'ma always get money so I admire ya'll niggas that blow
Ask ya self who the nicest out right now
Put your ice up lets get on the mic right now
Clown, I'm the top cat where it stops at
Where lightning and thunder at
And y'all niggaz is under that
If you runnin with the P. you gonna get your turn
Tuck my gun while its hot to feel my dick hair burn
Might come through the spot where the shottie and what
Body to block and hot wanna the Bacardi wit rocks
I aint never drive a bike but I ride on the back
Rob wit a gat, shit I still ride wit my craps
If you wanna go to war we can tally it up
Escalate and venally it up, what?
Ruff Ryders (We in here!)
Ruff Ryders (We stayin here!)
Ruff Ryders (Ain't goin no where,
Ain't hidin no where, ain't runnin no where)
If you like Sheek, you hold heat and no one know
Bust yo' gun and leave the body where no one go
I pack some shit for any type of situation
Only time I don't pack heat is on vacation
And that's the blow dryer next to the Playstation
I'm big but I use shit to kill you quick
And I don't wrestle unless chicks do bad on my dick
Flex know I bring somethin hot to the spot
What would you rather have the 10 you found or the 5 you earned
Became a man at 6 cause at 5 you learned
Don't take nothin for granted except death
Man of the house cause you the last nigga left
I see how it's going dizzy with the shit so we can blast a rhyme
Hope the Lord got your soul cause your ass is mine
Every time you turn around niggas know that I be right there
East turned to West coast, cravin for the nightmare
Don't give a fuck about what you sling
Cause you ain't slingin that shit, or bringin that shit
Up the hill, but you still singin that shit
Talkin shit like you know what its like to walk this shit
Get on some stalkin shit
So you know what niggaz rule New York and shit
I'm just thinkin all the business and how to handle ya'll niggaz
All the families that I got lightin candles for niggaz
Breathin revelence, grandmothers fallen out and need the sedatives
Mom huggin the casket wishin that she raised a better kid
Y'all niggaz actors
I'll put your face where your muthafuckin back was
Im tired of y'all niggaz actors
Y'all know what y'all gonna get
And y'all niggaz know damn well who y'all fuckin wit
Little slim nigga like me, big gun like this
And my gun bust and gun never miss
I'm the nigga that make ya miss Christmas
When we go to court you know shit dismissed
Ruff Ryders (We in here!)
Ruff Ryders (We stayin here!)
Ruff Ryders (Ain't goin nowhere,
Ain't hidin nowhere, ain't runnin nowhere)
Uh, uh, uh, uh
Bring it! What?
We right here
We're not goin anywhere
We right here
This is ours and we don't share
We right here
Bring your crew cuz we don't care
We right here
Uh, uh, uh
One mo' time,
I gots to hit the streets off, make the streets talk
Let 'em know it ain't a sweet walk
This gon' be
The only joint made this year that'll knock 'til 2003
And y'all gon' see
That the hottest nigga out there, was, is, and will be me
Just like that
I can go away for a minute, do some other shit, but bounce right back
And when it's on
I'm comin strapped, with some shit that'll spit from dusk 'til dawn
And when you gone
Ain't no comin back in the morning, like that shit was a dream
Nigga you gone
That's for real
Creep niggas like a seal, totin steel, stick a nigga make him squeal
Oh my God
Those can't be the last words of ya man, damn ya man was so hard
Come on!
Here we go again
How many million did my last one sell? Fuck it, I'm goin for ten
This never gon' stop; and every fuckin time I hit you
it's goin straight to the top of the charts
The champion
I'm a thoroughbred, my blood is strong, and I scratch 'til you done
Cross the line
And ain't no more scratches after that, straight up, niggas is dyin
Yo, what the fuck
Is you cats doin runnin around like this, like you won't get stuck
Yo, that's my word
I stay givin it to niggas, and I stay not really being heard
But, y'all gone see
That the same things thou done to them, will be done to thee
And then you'll know
That sometimes though you come thru the front,
you leavin out the backdo'
Come on!
Bring the noise
And you better come with niggas you don't give a fuck about,
Cuz you gone lose your boys
Cuz we don't play
And the silencer will silence any cocksucker with somethin to say
Dog for life
Whether I'm on or off the leash I bite, streets are my life
Click click boom {*gunshot*}
Another life taken too soon, another mother had a funeral
Still waters run deep
And the pain is forever alive inside, makes it hard to sleep
But I keep goin, goin
Shit I'm always careful when I walk, I'm always seein, knowin
The dog gone live
Stay walkin the wire, over the fire, when I can I give
The dog is good
And how it's stayin dog gone fuck with the hood
The dog fuck with the wood
We right here
Uh, uh, uh
[whispered] Ruff Ryders ("They're BAAAACK!")
This is what you're tellin me, okay
It all comes down to this huh? Okay
This is what you fuckin tellin me?
That this is it? Okay (GRRRRRRRRRR)
How many slugs should I plug into yo' chest before it's get filled
Since you ain't got nuttin else to do but get killed
Been a fiend every since I found out how a slaughter taste
Empty a clip of hollow tips into yo' daughter's face
Cause that's just the type of shit that I'm on
Collect my dough, make the fuckin hit and I'm gone
I ain't never gots to worry about the aim
Infrared, to your head, will make sure, I hit him in the brain
BLAOW! One mo' time for good luck - for what?!
He was already dead, what the fuck?!
I be, breakin my shit up OFF in a nigga
When I don't see, nuttin but SOFT in a nigga
Fuckin coward, I wonder how it - feels
To have to look at your moms - squeal, after I hit her with the steel
Ill, that's how a nigga blows shit up
Believe whoever I hit up, will never get up
Tell me, how it's goin down nigga
If I'm bein a fuckin clown nigga (yeah)
Take a couple of rounds nigga, I keep a toast real close
In case I gotta turn the rest of yo' peeps into ghosts
Fuck it I'm ready for combat, with a gat
that'll make any nigga, become a meal for the fuckin rats
There won't be nuttin left of money but a soupbone
Big Motherfuckin DMX from the group home
Niggaz don't mean what they say when they talk
Niggaz lean a certain kind of way when they walk
Niggaz don't mean what they say when they talk
Niggaz lean a certain kind of way when they walk
Since the first day in it, I made a promise to myself
I was gonna make it happen, that's the way I felt
You know Philly never scared, play the cards we dealt
Doin it my way, you bitches strugglin for help
I hear your rumors and your so-called beefs
But it's a different story any time we meet in the streets
I'm fully in it bitch, your shit is juvenile to me
We can squash it, go 'head let you warm up the crowd for me
I hate to even be like this, y'all bring it out
To tell the truth it excites me, I scream it out
Sick wid'dit, ain't a bitch that can get wid'dit
Admit it, I'm that bitch you can't live wid'dit
And I'ma keep it comin long as I'm here
Pitbull, back at'cha neck, I'm hearin them cheer
E-V-E is what they need in they life, I'm bout mine
Now I'm done wit'chu, fuck out my face, wastin my time
Bitches don't mean what they say when they talk
Bitches lean a certain kind of way when they walk
Bitches don't mean what they say when they talk
Bitches lean a certain kind of way when they walk
Nahh! Uh, yeah, aiyyo
I got a wet haze, coke, and a p-blow block
But y'all still missin the point like a free throw shot
Get it? This ain't some'n you learn, this is some'n you earn
Turn it up and give me some'n to burn
That boy 'Kiss is a hell of a man
Treat your life like a cell phone, so try to get a helluva plan
Cause most dudes left the hood broke
A couple knew what they was doin, so they came back like good coke
Down South they'll tell you 'Kiss is good folk (that's right)
Up North I hit my niggaz off with good smoke
Out West they ridin with me, now I'm back hard
I'm just worried bout the rats that's in my back yard
Hated by many, confronted by none
I trust two guys, one's God, and one is my gun
Jada is the nice guy, 'Kiss is the monster
D-Block and Double R is my sponsor
Cowards don't mean what they say when they talk
Cowards lean a certain kind of way when they walk
Cowards don't mean what they say when they talk
Cowards lean a certain kind of way when they walk
[Jada] Fuckin cowards!
Niggaz can't be fuckin serious, y'all niggaz pussy
Niggaz pussy - y'all don't like it? BRING IT, BITCH!
Just a lil' some'n man, to let y'all know
To niggaz know man, matter of fact
Matter of fact y'all niggaz, excuse my back man!
Straight up y'all niggaz, pardon my back!
I ain't got no rap for no sucka-ass niggaz!
Five time motherfuckin champ!
Five times! BITCH! Touch that! Then holla back!
Motherfucker!
A nigga done had this rap shit
I'm out..
I'm pushin for the single yo, c'mon
Yo lock the door, uh huh
Ya heard, uh, uh
C'mon, yeah
Y'all know who it is, or should I say what it is
Uh, uh
All Drag do is fuck bitches, and drain his body
Kickin bitches out the bed and sleep next to a shottie
A bitch'll never get me pump, I make niggas pump IV
I'm the type to follow the cops wit a midget drivin me
Make them think the car drivin itself, and I'm in the passenger seat
Signal lights, stashbox, a package of D
Drag dash, I'm happy to be
On, this rap shit is like a jacket to me
I wear it with cracks in my sleeves
So I keep it on, don't never take my jacket off cuz my shit be gone
What are you, lost your mind?
It took my time to cut these dimes
So I could dump drug a few minds, so don't make me bust a few nines
Dip the T T in polish watch the shoe shine
Slip in the Tunnel with a banger in my bootline
All it takes is the finger to make a sour sit, linger
Double R is hard, the rest of y'all is R & B singers
WEED
That's what we smokin up
HOES
That's what we pokin up
DOUGH
That's what we foldin up
That's all we know about
I got more bullets in my clip, than chocolate got in chip
I got more bitches suckin dick, than niggas smokin niks
I got more shit up in my whip, than most niggas got in cribs
I got more, blocks of raw while y'all tryin to stop wars
Coward nigga lock your doors
I'll come through with the locksmith and pop it
With the glock 4 and show y'all what a mouth's for
I got black steel, blue steel, wheels, I mean wheelchair
Cuz Drag is real fair, it's all real here
I own more buildings on my block, than real estate, philly ave
Hit ten niggas I'm tryin to see mils like Billy Gates
Cuz me in Philly rollin dutches
Me and Eve, stuck off the trees, got her laughin off bitches' weaves
Double R, pop niggas, make niggas bleed
Fiends come to me my top rock's been asleep
Seven foot bouncers bout to be six feet, under me
Now that's a foot left, you shouldn't have took that step
I know y'all wish y'all woulda, shoulda, coulda
Didda, getta, gotta, guns we cock it then pop it
Make 'em holler and swallow
Niggas stop it, catch it, all up in his jacket
I'm not a stingy nigga, I'll let a nigga have it
Hate chips that go away, lookin like white coke
Sit in the sun long, come back like french toast
Hair was up, now is down, eyes are black, now is brown
Used to frown, now you smile, nigga must have left you now
Went from bikes to the car, from the cars to the boat
Went from keys to the coke, went from coke to the dope
Went from cracks to the raps, went from bats to the gats
Went from slums to the stats, been to London and back
Me change cuz I rap, I can't do it
I went from muggin y'all to payin niggas to do it
It's all the same stupid
I got cake on cake, cuz I went from pow to pow
Wit my family, two R's, Ryde or Die
(feat. Sisqo)
[DMX] Uhh..
[Sisqo] DMX, Sisqo
[DMX] Yo.. what these bitches want from a nigga
[Sisqo] Dru Hill, yaknahmsayin
[DMX] What these bitches want from a nigga
[Sisqo] HmmmMMMMMM (Ruff Ryders) DMX break em off
[DMX] What these bitches want from a nigga
[Sisqo] Break em off, some..
Aiyyo!! Dog, I meet bitches, discrete bitches
Street bitches, slash, Cocoa Puff sweet bitches (WHAT)
Make you wanna eat bitches, but not me
Y'all niggaz eat off the plate all you want but not D (UHH)
I fuck with these hoes from a distance
The instant they start to catch feelings
I start to stealin they shit
then I'm out just like a thief in the night
I sink my teeth in to bite
You thinkin life, I'm thinkin more like - whassup tonight
Come on ma, you know I got a wife
and even though that pussy tight I'm not gon' jeapordize my life (aight)
So what is it you want from a nigga (WHAT)
I gave you, you gave me - BITCH, I blazed you, you blazed me (c'mon)
Nothin more, nothin less, but you at my door
willin to confess that it's the best you ever tested
Better than all the rest, I'm like, "Aight girlfriend, hold up
I gave you, what you gave me Boo, a nut (f'real)"
What these bitches want from a nigga
What you want.. (what you want)
What these bitches want from a nigga
Really want..
What these bitches want from a nigga
I've been keepin you up on it
Bling bling'n, on that jewelry girl I bought it
What these bitches want from a nigga
Aiyyo, tell me what you want from me
Baby tell me what you want from me!
(So what you want)
There was Brenda, LaTisha, Linda, Felicia (okay)
Dawn, LeShaun, Ines, and Alicia (ooh)
Teresa, Monica, Sharron, Nicki (uh-huh)
Lisa, Veronica, Karen, Vicky (damn)
Cookies, well I met her in a ice cream parlor (aight)
Tonya, Diane, Lori and Carla (okay)
Marina (uhh) Selena (uhh) Katrina (uhh) Sabrina (uhh)
About three Kim's (WHAT) LaToya, and Tina (WHOO!)
Shelley, Bridget, Cavi, Rasheeda (uh-huh)
Kelly, Nicole, Angel, Juanita (damn!)
Stacy, Tracie, Rohna, and Ronda (WHAT)
Donna, Ulanda (WHAT) Tawana, and Wanda (WHAT)
were all treated fairly but yet and still
bitches is on some other shit now that I'm fuckin wit Dru Hill
But I'ma keep it real (WHAT)
What the fuck you want from a nigga (c'mon)
What the fuck you want from a nigga (c'mon)
Aiyyo, I think about when a nigga didn't have (YEAH)
and a nigga told a joke, and the bitches didn't laugh
See now I do the math, I see if you got this
and this and this to some cats, that nigga's the shit (aight)
And that's all they fuckin with, but see these bitches don't know
If these bitches ain't for real, these bitches don't go
Knock on door, no show, I'm sleep tryin to creep
wit yo' best friend, put it in, dig deep
X let me talk to em for a minute
Oooohhh I know I know it's so hard to be
a victim of my reality
Heard you callin me names, said I was trife
One thing you gotta know, I'ma be a nigga for life
Ooooooooooh yeahhhhhhhhh yeahhhh
Oahahohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Eve:
Ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh ugh
What y'all niggas want, huh?
ugh, ugh, ugh
Lubia huh? Papi screamin out of they mouth
Bomb shell just a second
Mami wanna speak out
What I need in my life
Make ya body freak out
Baby seem like the type
Married niggaz sneak out
Like I'm ballin y'all
Yes I be appallin ya'll
Boss type hold it down
Wantin all of y'all
Callin y'all never chasin me down
Three weeks, heartbroken
Yes you hatin me now
She speaks soft spoken
Till she datin the clown
I'm takin em down
Reel em in and makin em drown
Mistake
I said gimme that, but I'm takin it now
What I need from a nigga
Negative in his sound
Or dasity even askin me
For ass, I laugh
This bitch is fast and free
Swatin em off
When I see this niggas a flea
Plotin of cost for riches
Millionaire wannabe, uh huh
CHORUS: What y'all niggas want? Can't touch All y'all niggaz need Is right here with me Sounds y'all wanna hear Swizz beats I'm the one you fear It's my time, feel me
Popular since I started my life
Eve you know my name
Probably the dangerous type
Brick house stallion
Think you taming me right?
Not this baby val Philly streets
They raisin her right
Keep it pretty or can make it gritty be a LADY!
Need boots pocket books and a baby 380!
But prefer to keep it
Calm and cool
When I'm heated I suggest you move
Just avoid a bad situation
What you got to prove?
Leave her be
Chicken squakin hatin frequently
Manic Man is obsessed
And Stalkin me
If he
Icy enough, I'm pricin his stuff
Be nicy enough
To let him spin, I'm callin ya bluff
Puttin it down
Ruff Ryders puttin they work
Snatched up the illest viscous pittbull in a skirt
Makin em hurt
Haters steady dishin up dirt
Changin the game, settin the rules
Makin it work, uh
CHORUS
Leavin em scared
Mami takin all of this here
All of this fame I'm hungry
Hope you cats is prepared
Niggas, set me up
And Imma take it and run
Think its a game
Just check out how my format is done
Stalkin ya shine
And I do it to perfection
Made a promise everytime I touch the mic
To bless em
Used to tease me how I keep is greezy
Just to test em
Eve handcuff niggas but I don't arrest em
Shorty bang
Hear the niggaz sayin
Shout my name
Make the thugish niggas scream
Watchin me entertain
Dicks brick when I like the lips
Just keepin it plain
Fantasizin about this bitch
Got em goin insaine
Oooh's and ahhh's
5'7" thick in the thighs
Every thugs dream wife
See the love in they eyes
My time to shine
Whole package make her a dime
Want some more?
It ain't over, just keep pressin rewind, uh
CHORUS
Nokio:
uh, 99, like 2000
Ruff Ryders
Dru Hill
Swizz beats
Eve
Comin for that ass
Uh
F/ Sisqo, Dru Hill
[DMX] Uhh..
[Sisqo] DMX, Sisqo
[DMX] Yo.. what these bitches want from a nigga?
[Sisqo] Dru Hill, yaknahmsayin?
[DMX] What these bitches want from a nigga?
[Sisqo] HmmmMMMMMM (Ruff Ryders) DMX break em off
[DMX] What these bitches want from a nigga?
[Sisqo] Break em off, some..
Aiyyo!! Dog, I meet bitches, discrete bitches
Street bitches, slash, Cocoa Puff sweet bitches (WHAT?)
Make you wanna eat bitches, but not me
Y'all niggaz eat off the plate all you want but not D (UHH)
I fuck with these hoes from a distance
The instant they start to catch feelings
I start to stealin they shit
then I'm out just like a thief in the night
I sink my teeth in to bite
You thinkin life, I'm thinkin more like - whassup tonight?
Come on ma, you know I got a wife
and even though that pussy tight I'm not gon' jeapordize my life (aight?)
So what is it you want from a nigga? (WHAT?)
I gave you, you gave me - BITCH, I blazed you, you blazed me (c'mon)
Nothin more, nothin less, but you at my door
willin to confess that it's the best you ever tested
Better than all the rest, I'm like, "Aight girlfriend, hold up
I gave you, what you gave me Boo, a nut (f'real)"
Chorus: Sisqo
What these bitches want from a nigga?
What you want.. (what you want)
What these bitches want from a nigga?
Really want..
What these bitches want from a nigga?
I've been keepin you up on it
Bling bling'n, on that jewelry girl I bought it
What these bitches want from a nigga?
Aiyyo, tell me what you want from me
Baby tell me what you want from me!
(So what you want?)
There was Brenda, LaTisha, Linda, Felicia (okay)
Dawn, LeShaun, Ines, and Alicia (ooh)
Teresa, Monica, Sharron, Nicki (uh-huh)
Lisa, Veronica, Karen, Vicky (damn)
Cookies, well I met her in a ice cream parlor (aight?)
Tonya, Diane, Lori and Carla (okay)
Marina (uhh) Selena (uhh) Katrina (uhh) Sabrina (uhh)
About three Kim's (WHAT?) LaToya, and Tina (WHOO!)
Shelley, Bridget, Cavi, Rasheeda (uh-huh)
Kelly, Nicole, Angel, Juanita (damn!)
Stacy, Tracie, Rohna, and Ronda (WHAT?)
Donna, Ulanda (WHAT?) Tawana, and Wanda (WHAT?)
were all treated fairly but yet and still
bitches is on some other shit now that I'm fuckin wit Dru Hill
But I'ma keep it real (WHAT?)
What the fuck you want from a nigga? (c'mon)
What the fuck you want from a nigga? (c'mon)
Chorus (w/ minor variations)
Aiyyo, I think about when a nigga didn't have (YEAH)
and a nigga told a joke, and the bitches didn't laugh
See now I do the math, I see if you got this
and this and this to some cats, that nigga's the shit (aight?)
And that's all they fuckin with, but see these bitches don't know
If these bitches ain't for real, these bitches don't go
Knock on door, no show, I'm sleep tryin to creep
wit yo' best friend, put it in, dig deep
X let me talk to em for a minute
Oooohhh I know I know it's so hard to be
a victim of my reality
Heard you callin me names, said I was trife
One thing you gotta know, I'ma be a player for life
Ooooooooooh yeahhhhhhhhh yeahhhh
Oahahohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Chorus 2X (w/ Sisqo ad-libs)
This is the fuckin shit I be talkin about
Half rappin' ass mothafuckers
You think it's a game? You think it's a fuckin GAME?
Come on, uh, uh, uh
Come on, uh, uh...
What'cha really want
What'cha really want, what
D-M-X, uh, uh...
Come on, Ryde or die
Ay yo, ay yo, ay yo
What's my name? DMX and I be the best
You see the rest they lookin like they need a rest
One more time, I'mma spit at you some shit
That's gon get at you be fuckin with your mind, stop talkin shit
Cuz you out there runnin' your mouth
And really don't know who you fuckin with
Here we go again
How many times do I have to tell you rap niggas?
I have no friends you still actin up
Runnin around here like some brand new pussy that's about to get fucked
The game don't stop, I'm still gettin down for whatever
Whenever that's why my shit is hot, can't keep it real
Now, some of us do but most of us don't that's just how a nigga feel
I shed blood, for my people that'll keep you lookin see-through
Whenever you try to creep through
D-M-X
If you want it we got it
Come and get it nigga we wit it
All you gotta do is set it baby
Ryde or die
What'cha niggas want, uh, uh
What'cha niggas want
repeat 1X
You still playin games
You gon think it's a joke until they no longer remember your name
That's how we do 'em
Make cowards disappear into thin air by puttin shit through em
Never comin' back
Last time you saw that nigga is the last time you'll see that nigga
(aight)
No more deaths
Cuz in a minute you gonna have grandma bein the only family member left
Bust my gun
If I gots to kill a nigga but I'm always down for the one on one
Dog for life
We gon get to the bottom of this shit if it takes all night
Stop drop
Open up shop (what)
Fake up-north niggas screamin' for the cops
Ryde or die
What that mean is that a tell a nigga bye-bye and pop him in his right eye
Look at all these off brand niggas
Runnin' around yappin' about they be holdin figgas as big as Jigga's
That's that bullshit
Hope they know that around me talkin' about what you got will get you hit
I'm not a nice person
I mean I'd smack the shit out you twice dog and that's before I start
cursin'
I stay flippin'
One minute I'm cool, the next minute I'm up on a nigga, rippin'
That's my style
I'm a cruddy nigga leave you all bloody nigga service with a smile
Suck my dick
And while you niggas that's been to jail before know it's about to get thick
Let's get it on baby
I'm gonna be goin' against 4 niggas in one and you think you crazy?
I've lost my mind
And I'm about to make you lose yours too from far away one time
D-M-X!
D-M-X!
I say
I can give it to you but whatcha gon do wit it,
I can give it to you but whatcha gon doo wha-wha wha-wha whaaat
I can give it to ya but whatcha gonna do wit it
When Im in Texas Im bumpin' screw music
With Big Mike and Scarface and Luke loop
Me and lil' Crook like Bo and Luke duke
When Im in Miama I go to scoop Luke
To see the peep show and hit the duke shoot
Went to Branson, back to back, Lex coup
Up in "Harlem World" in my Timb boots
Two suckers had beef so I watched them shoot
Called up Benny Rat, copped a bullet proof
Seen T-Funk he took is to the fruit
Then he went to the Tunnell and brought down the roof
Mink coats and moet, bitches drippin sweat
Slang a cassette to Funkmaster Flex
And now Im bumpin' on East Coast tapedecks
Went from Swatch to platinum Rolex
S.D., Jersey we getting more sex
flow next
go next
Im too sexy for my motherfuckin hood, hood
Im too sexy for my motherfuckin low ridahh If my niggas cant eat then yall niggaz cant sleep
I just begun to peep Nightmare on Elm Street
Release from Jones Beach to South Beach, capeesh
Kickin dust as I bust, .... peace
And all them crooked cops on the beat
My niggas bring the funk like your Grandpa feet
Til death do us part, save my bullets for the charts
With darts, like HBO watching after dark
No love for a mark, even less for a trick
That wanna be like Mike, Mike who my ...
Real shit hotness
Run wit my niggas that aint got shit
Pop shit, and peddle poetry for profit
One time, out for mine, but cant stop it
Trying to keep they hands in my pocket
So I bring obnoxious, infected lah that be toxic
Leave the crop scene spotless
Mix the green with the chocolate, heres the topic
Niggas, synchronize your watches
We're goin in, wit nothing but a clan logo
Mr. meth, (DMX!)
Im running loco
motherfucker
I got a wicked flow and Im gonna kick it yo
Feel the pressure
Snatching niggas up just like a chain off the dresser
Niggas hit me with the best shit then what
I shake that bullshit off *arf arf arf* then go ...
Ive been down too long, cant a motherfucker show me nothing
Y'all .. niggas is duckin me like you owe me something
I got more homies than an esse, but lets say
I couldnt talk you wouldnt walk my way on your best day
The best way you can hope to get close to me
Is right here under my wing like you're supposed to be
The first time you start acting fuckin strange
Best to be ducking range
Talkin shit wearing a fuckin' chain
I break niggaz like promises
Split em' open like Thomas'
And sell more drugs than a pharmacist
Strapped wit nothing but a rhyme a long history of violent crime
Attitude that doesnt mind doing time
f/ Stephanie Mills
Uhh, uhh, uhh, c'mon!
Woo! Uh-huh
Yeah, more real life (grrrrrrrrrr)
That's how it is baby, you know it's real
More real life, you know it's real (grrrrrrrrrr)
From the dog, y'know?
You know it's real, uh-huh
You know it's real (grrrrrrrrrr)
Shit is always real baby, forever
My peoples say they got love for the dog right?
They holla like "Whattup dog?" Alright
Cause no matter what streets in a dog's life
And I'm the type of dog gon' go all night
Some cats think that it's a game that we're playin here
You keep thinkin it's a joke, I ain't playin here
Fuck around if you want, I leave billionaire
Do what, go where? Shit I'm stayin here
This whole motherfuckin rap shit is all mine (WHAT?!)
Just thought I'd let you know one mo' time (uhh)
Shit, I ain't said nuttin when it was yo' time
Now, niggaz is mad, cause "Ain't No Sunshine"
And you cats won't like it when the rain hits (UHH!)
That's the nigga X on the same shit (uh!)
And if you wanna see how fucked up the game gets?
Watch what they do when you ain't shit
What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
You're crazy about my styyyyyyyyyle
What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
Tell me nowwwwwwwwwww.. ohhhhh-ohhhhhh
Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh
Every cat I meet like, "Show me love!"
Every girl I meet like, "I want a hug!"
Shit I might be just tryin to pick somethin up
Can I get an autograph -- man, what the fuck?!
Is the love gon' be the same when
we start to realize that the game ends (uh-huh)
Even me, will I have the same friends? (uhh)
Even when I ain't got the same Benz (UHH)
What about when the dough get low (woo!)
Shoulda peeped money from the get-go
Disappeared, ain't that a bitch yo?
Now you know, that's that bullshit yo
Can't forget all them fake "love you" bitches (uh-HUH!)
Take 'em to the room, wanna fake you bitches (uh-HUH!)
Walk through the mall wanna touch you bitches (uh-HUH!)
Listen! I got a wife, I don't trust you bitches (c'mon!)
What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
You're crazy about my styyyyyyyyyle
What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
Please don't have me acting wild
What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
Tell me nowwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Tell me now, tell me now (WHAT?!)
Tell me (WHAT?!) what you gonna tell me? (WHAT?!)
Tell me (uh) tell me (uh)
What you gonna tell me?
Holla at the boy if you know the truth
See what I'm doin, I'm tryin to show the youth
Trust me I been through it so I got the proof
Give 'em somethin to eat that ain't gon' break a tooth
And everybody knows how I get down (c'mon)
Show the dog love when he hit town (c'mon)
They don't give a fuck who I'm with now (c'mon)
V.I.P. don't give a fuck where I sit now (aight?!)
All this shit changed but it's still the same
But you gotta do it in order to play the game
Keep shit brief when you say my name (f'real)
Give me the love, nigga fuck the fame (f'real)
When the shit is gone, where you gon' be? (hmmmmm)
When I look no more, what you gon' see? (hmmmmm)
Shit, a muh'fucker lookin hungry (aight?!)
And even then, is you gon' love me?
What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
You're crazy about my styyyyyyyyyle
What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
Tell me nowwwwwwwwwww.. ohhhhh-ohhhh
Aiyyo, ya niggaz must be outcha fuckin mind
Thinkin dog can't pull another motherfuckin rabbit out the hat
Nigga I ain't gotta check out my motherfuckin sleeves you bitch ass niggaz
Fuck is y'all niggaz...
Y'all niggaz just thinkin I'm sittin around doin nothin?
Oh my God, y'all niggaz can't be serious
Where the hood, where the hood, where the hood at?
Have that nigga in the cut, where the wood at?
Oh, them niggaz actin up?!? Where the wolves at?
You better BUST THAT if you gon pull that
Man, cats don't know what it's gonna be
Fuckin with a nigga like me, D-to-the-M-to-the-X
Last I heard, y'all niggaz was havin sex, with the SAME sex
I show no love, to homo thugs
Empty out, reloaded and throw more slugs
How you gonna explain fuckin a man?
Even if we squashed the beef, I ain't touchin ya hand
I don't buck with chumps, for those to been to jail
That's the cat with the Kool-Aid on his lips and pumps
I don't fuck with niggaz that think they broads
Only know how to be ONE WAY, that's the dog
I know how to get down, know how to BITE
Bark very little, but I know HOW TO FIGHT
I know how to chase a cat up in the tree
MAN, I GIVE Y'ALL NIGGAZ THE B'INESS FOR FUCKIN WIT ME, IS YOU CRAZY?!?
Once a song, I come though, guns is drawn
BLAM BLAM, lungs are gone, sons will mourn
From dusk till dawn, nighttime belongs to the dog
On the street passed midnight, look for 'em in the morgue
Don't play with these cats cuz I ain't got nothin to say to these cats
For the mothers that really do love em, please pray for these cats
Cuz I know niggaz is hardheaded but I ain't got the patience
Don't want me havin no patience turn into more patience
More trips to ICU cuz I see you
Tryna get away with shit a real nigga wouldn't do
Where my dogs at? (RIGHT HERE) See them niggaz? (RIGHT WHERE?!?)
GET EM BOY! (RIGHT THERE) That's how we do... (AIIGHT THEN)
This is for my dogs, this is for my dogs
YO, WHERE WE AT BABY?!? (CREEPIN THROUGH THE FOG)
From then till now, don't ask me how
Know that we gon roll like them niggaz and hit every block on the job
I get tapes doin times, stop niggaz like grapes makin wine
Five CD's with mad rhymes
Don't hit me with that positive shit, I know you lyin
You really wanna stop niggaz from dyin? Stop niggaz from tryin
I cuz I ain't really got that time to waste
and I thought I told you to get these fuckin bums out my face
Lookin atchu in your grill, I might be nice to cut
Once I split ya ass in two, you'll be twice as butt
Yeah, you right, I know ya style - PUSSY cuz I'm fuckin it
Since we all right here, you hold my dick while he suckin it
MOTHERFUCKER, don't you know you'll never come near me
Shove ya head up ya ass, have you seein shit clearly
Never heard that D be runnin, cuz D be gunnin
I beat my dick and bust off in ya eye so you can see me comin/cumin
Empty clips and shells are what I leave behind
and if they get me with the joint, they hit me with a three-to-nine
WHERE THE FUCKIN HOOD AT?!? (It's all good, the dog is the hood)
NO ONES' FUCKIN WITH ME NIGGA, FO REAL (It's all good, the dog is the hood)
I AM THE HOOD, I AM THE STREETS (It's all good, the dog is the hood)
YOU BITCH ASS NIGGA (It's all good, the dog is the hood)
TAKE IT HOW YOU WANT, MOTHERFUCKER (It's all good, the dog is the hood)
I'M IN THE HOOD ALL DAY (It's all good, the dog is the hood)
I THINK I'M LIKE THE ONLY NIGGA, DOG (It's all good, the dog is the hood)
THAT CAN GO TO THE PROJECTS (SCHOOL STREET, HOME OF THE BRAVE)
BY HIS FUCKIN SELF AND BE GOOD
YEAH NIGGA, ASK NIGGAZ ON Y.O. (MY PROJECTS, Y.O.)
WHEN THE LAST TIME THEY SEEN DOG (Not too long ago baby)
MOTHERFUCKER..
DEE, WAAH, UGH... (Y'all niggaz is homeless)
KATO... (Where the hood at?)
Uhh, yeah
Another one of those - this is for my nigga Q - down to earth joints
Rest in peace baby, you're not for me dawg
They don't knooow, who we beee
They don't knooow, who we beee
That's how many that don't know, they knew I could do it!
This goes out to my nigga Q - rest in peace baby
They still ain't ready...
What they don't know is!
The bullshit, the drama (uhh), the guns, the armour (what?)
The city, the farmer, the babies, the mama (what?!)
The projects, the drugs (uhh!), the children, the thugs
(uhh!) The tears, the hugs, the love, the slugs (c'mon!)
The funerals, the wakes, the churches, the coffins (uhh!)
The heartbroken mothers, it happens, too often (why?!)
The problems, the things, we use, to solve 'em (what?!)
Yonkers, the Bronx (uhh!), Brooklyn, Harlem (c'mon!)
The hurt, the pain, the dirt, the rain (uhh!)
The jerk, the fame, the work, the game (uhh!)
The friends, the foes, the Benz, the hoes (what?!)
The studios, the shows, comes, and it goes (c'mon!)
The jealousy, the envy, the phony, the friendly (uh-huh!)
The one that gave 'em the slugs, the one that put 'em in me
(whoo!) The snakes, the grass, too long, to see (uhh, uhh!)
The lawnmower, sittin, right next, to the tree (c'mon!)
What we seeing is!
The streets, the cops, the system, harrassment (uh-huh)
The options, get shot, go to jail, or getcha ass kicked
(aight) The lawyers, the part, they are, of the puzzle (uh-huh)
The release, the warning, "Try not, to get in trouble" (damn!)
The snitches, the odds (uhh), probation, parole (what?!)
The new charge, the bail, the warrant, the hole (damn!)
The cell, the bus, the ride, up North (uh-huh)
The greens, the boots, the yard, these hearts (uhh!)
The fightin, the stabbin, the pullin, the grabbin (what?!)
The riot squad with the captain, nobody knows what happened
(what?!) The two years in a box, revenge, the plots (uhh!)
The twenty-three hours that's locked, the one hour that's not
(uhh!) The silence, the dark, the mind, so fragile (aight!)
The wish, that the streets, would have took you, when they had you
(damn) The days, the months, the years, dispair
One night on my knees, here it comes, the prayer
This here is all about!
My wife, my kids (uh-huh), the life that I live (uh-huh)
Through the night, I was his (uh-huh), it was right, but I did
(uh-huh) My ups, and downs (uhh), my slips, my falls (uhh)
My trials and tribulations (uhh), my heart, my balls (uhh)
My mother, my father, I love 'em, I hate 'em (uhh!)
Wish God, I didn't have 'em, but I'm glad that he made 'em
(uhh!) The roaches, the rats, the strays, the cats (what, what?!)
The guns, knives and bats, everytime we scrap
The hustlin, the dealin, the robbin, the stealin (uhh!)
The shit, hit the ceilin, little boy, with no feelin's
(damn) The frustration, rage, trapped inside a cage
Got beatin's 'til the age, I carried a twelve gauge
(aight!) Somebody stop me (please!), somebody come and get me
(what?!) Little did I know, that the Lord was ridin with me
The dark, the light (uhh), my heart (uhh), the fight (uhh)
The wrong (uhh!), the right (uhh!), it's gone (uhh!), aight?
Man listen
These motherfuckers don't know, who we are!
They don't know
They couldn't possibly fuckin know dawg
That's from the heart
Uhh, that's some shit..
..that that that niggaz ain't even seen before
That's that shit! (Motherfuckers ain't never seen
nothing like this before, for real man)
It's goin down baby, uhh..
UHH! Busta Rhymes
WHAT! Uhh, DMX nigga
Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh
I see ghosts clearly; even though, most don't hear me
They still wanna get near me - fear me, so I'm leary
Kinda eerie what I'm feelin - from the floor, to the ceilin
Straight through the roof, want the truth
I kinda miss robbin and stealin
cause it kept a nigga hungry, only eatin when I starved
I was ugly, so I robbed, no one loved me, shit was hard
Went to God once in a while when it got a little too hectic
He was the only one I knew that I respected (WHY)
Didn't know why, didn't know what I was livin was a lie
If I ain't shit then, why should I try
See, plenty niggaz die, over dumb shit, up in the hood
Real good heart, but up to no good
Thought I did what I could, but I guess it, wasn't enough
The Devil told me it would happen but I kept callin his bluff
When it rains it pours now, my pains are yours
as yours are what's mine, define, revolvin doors (nigga!)
(Why) All my niggaz tell me (why) tell me (we die)
Cause we crazy with it, quick to blaze you with it
From in my soul to every word that I curse
with all the agony expressed in this verse;
let me ask my niggaz (why)
My niggaz tell me (why) tell me (we die)
Because we Gods nigga (and) we go the yard nigga
Because I walk the ground under my feet
and keep it live and stay in tune with the street
Now let me ask my niggaz (why)
They say the good die young, in the hood where I'm from
I only got one question to that - why the fuck am I here
I look to the air, I ask God, "Love me please,"
but in reality, only people that hug me is thieves
Same niggaz that send shots through my rugby sleeves
They wanna, slug me and leave, I'm thinkin it must be me
Please shed light, the hood's dark
I did my dirt but got a good heart
Shouldn't that count for somethin
I was told I'd amount to nothin, most of my childhood
Like () it was stuntin my growth
Seperated me from the shit I was wantin the most
Felt myself comin close to pumpin them O's
Lump in my throat, chest poked out, face was poker
Tryin to, erase my ghostes, chase the smokers
Got demons on both shoulders,
tryin to chauffeur my life through the streets
In other words nigga my will was weak
Please feel what I speak,
this ain't your average ordinary jargon
weak rap niggaz be talkin
This shit is deep, from the mind of Busta, 'X and me
To all my fallen soldiers, rest in peace, til we meet niggaz
I must be cuckoo, like I respect the new-you, never
See you too could get it through your FUBU sweater
like a nigga when he walk in the dark, trespassin
on a nigga land, shots echo loud in the park
I live and die for all the shit I believe
And rep for everything I stand for
with every single breath I breathe
Like the intake from cigarette smoke, it's like you inhale
the demon in the gutter stressed struggled and broke
If the shit was all over tomorrow, I'd leave a treasure
for my kids with a legacy for my CHILDREN to follow
You know it's funny how the good die first
Get the peppin in your steppin faggot nigga
cause you could die worse
Hold on, you know I cut off my arm, in the name of reppin
REAL NIGGAZ in the midst of droppin this bomb
Allah blessin me to rep for the better, and carry on
somethin great and keep a nigga name livin forever!
Ruff Ryders, Ruff Ryders
Ryde or Die Volume 2 (Tugboats)
It's the second time around motherfucker
Volume 2 Ryde or Die Biatch
Gangsta Nigga and we gone rock this motherfucker
We the square root of the motherfucking street
Double R you cocksucking sons of bitches
State yo name gangsta (Big Snoop Dogg)
Where you representing (Westcoast)
Yo gone hold it down (Please believe it nigga)
Enough said then nigga (Hold on Hold up Biatch)
Uh, lets make this official
shine yo boots and load yo pistol
pull out yo best credentals cause this will
be the official for the fake tissue
Doggy Dogg and Big Swissal, nigga blow the whistle
Smoking on some bomebee to second hand smoke
Will get you, hit you, and make you all get the picture
When was the last time you seen me
postin up while ?oastin up, while sippin on some remix
Believe me it ain't easy been Diese
wit these jealous rap niggas and these punk ass frizes
Man I can remember at what they told me
when I first came in the game thangs done changed
Call it what you wanna, keep it on her
Eastcoast, Long Beach, California spinning like a toner
Banging on the corner, hot like a sauna
Get the best of you then ? to California
State yo name yungsta (Yung Wun)
Where you representing (ATL shorty)
You gone hold it down (Damn, right)
Enough said then (Nigga)
Lets go
Shorty pop a lot, acting like you got a lot
wit all that fake ice on his watch, this nigga wanna get got
Coming to my city wit all that hot shit and his fake ass clit
I'm a put something in him and bust his wig, I'm on some thugged out shit
You better be strapped boy, how you love that boy, act boy
I'm gone break yo back boy, wit a bat boy, where you at boy
Hold up I'm cold hearted, damn right I get retarded
I'm a yung-on and down here bitch I'm the hardest
You can hoot, hide and talk that shit
I'm gone stay low and keep it real and shorty come up
But when I bite you gone feel that there, it's real down here
Watch you mouth boy, you might get killed down here
I'm a ryde or die nigga, put something in yo eye nigga
Get beside yourself and it's bye bye nigga
When it come to glock cocking and drop popping
I'm the first to hit the block and go to war wit the cops fuck nigga
State yo name gangsta (Scarface)
Where you representing (Motherfucking southside)
You gone hold it down (Goddamn right)
Enough said then nigga
Holly hos, Scarface an?
Bringing terror wit this beretta, I clutch in my palm
I'm scaring motherfuckers straight wit my
Guerilla tactics guranteeing my enemy die
It's worldwide army alert for all soliders
Either you Ruff Ryde, Ryde Ruff, or roll over
It's a stick up, down on yo knees, plus I'm sicker
Cause disrepected, you dont disrespect me nigga
I'm the one these niggas call on when negotiations are halting
and time come for the beating up the bosses
Make them an offer that can't refuse, they don't comply
when I walk out they stank these fools
I guess these niggas think they can't be moved
Realizing they don't scare niggas like they thank they do
You fuck wit me, I gots to fuck wit you
World War 3 motherfucker, I thought you knew
State yo name gangsta (Jadakiss nigga)
Where you representing (East Coast dog)
You gone hold it down (Why wouldn't I)
Enough said then nigga Let's go
If you fuckin wit the kiss you ain't gone breathe
the only time I lick in the air is New Year's Eve
Sonny from Bronstail you can't leave
get kissed on yo cheek then you meant to die
Cause when the gun start poppin then my temperature rise
yo know my style 20 niggas wit 40 Cals
Nine years ago you was hollering shorty wild
Now I'm in the rap game twisting these hunnies out
Never left the crack game still on a money route
I run through the industry looking for enemies
Y'all niggas sound sick and Jada the remedy
get shot in yo eyes and mouth
can't see can't talk when you fucking wit the heart of New York
And that's fouler that swalling pork
An don't fuck wit the feds, dog you know I push the prowler to court
toast on my lap, got the East Coast on my back
How many times must I tell you motherfuckers
We ain't industry niggas
We in-the-streets niggas
We motherfucking riders forever bitch now what
So Ryde or Die you talk it we live it (Eastcoast)
So Ryde or Die you want it we give it (Westcoast)
So Ryde or Die you started we ended (Dirty south)
So Ryde or Die you talk it we live it (Big West)
So Ryde or Die you want it we give it (Ruff Ryders)
So Ryde or Die you started we ended (Biatch)
Motherfucker, Ruff Ryders, Double R motherfucker, Ruff Ryders
THIS...IS...MY...LIFE
(Right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Made me a leader before I was ready to lead
Took away my hunger, but didn't give me greed
Made me successful, when I just wanted to be heard
Give me the light, cause all I need is the word
Give me a life, that I'm responsible for
I'll give him what's right, cause I'm responsible for him
And into the night, I'm gonna be there with him
Facing a fight, I be right there with him
Ready for Heaven, cause I done been through the Hell
And since I was seven, I've had a story to tell
See God is great, and that's why I'm still livin'
He gave to me, so I'ma keep on givin'
The bravery of a man's mind is slavery
Is makin me the man I was made to be
I hate to see when cats know but don't spit it
Right is wrong, when it's on you gon get it
I wake up frustrated dog, I'm hurtin' inside
Think about the brothers that put in, work and then died
A certain have tried, a certain have cried
When it didn't go right, you hit me like
You see things ain't always what they seem to be
And the reason I dream of thee is He's with me
And the reason I get through things so easily
Is by the grace of God cause he, see's the need to guide me
Walk right beside me
Because he knows what's goin on inside me, he tried me
Knew where my heart was at
Knew what I was thinkin
Knew when I was down and out, left there mistaken
Knew when to pick me up, cause it got too hard
Knew when I was gonna scream out "Please God!"
And you already knew that you would be there for me
That's why I bring you together to give you the glory
Everyday of life is a new chapter
And it's already been foretold, so it's up to the soul to capture
The essence of it all, the meak shall inherit the earth
Destined to ride with the call from birth
The true worth of a man, is not measured by what he does for hiself but
What he does for someone else
And if you help another, without concern for (?)
What you give, you shall recieve to unfold
X-Caliber The Ultimate Challenger
And I, put that on my soul
And, put that on my life
And, everything I own
And, everything I know
And, everything I show is what I was meant to do
Everything I told you is what I've been through
And everwhere I been, I was for a reason
Walk through the desert, ended up freezin
Start there, end up where?
And now they know...whatever which way they go
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go (right and wrong)
Whatever which way they go
They know they gonna owe
They soul to the road they choose
It don't matter if you win or loose
You still gotta pay them dues
You still gotta pay them dues
You still gotta pay them dues
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
Uhh, yeah
DMX
Uh-huh (uh-huh) uhh
Bzr Royale - yeah, yeah, YEAH!
OOOOOOOOOH! .. YEAH!!!
Chorus
I'm tired of answering for shit in MY LIFE
It doesn't matter if it's wrong or right
Tired of answering for shit that I DO
Enough about me, MAN WHAT THE FUCK ABOUT YOU?!
Dreamin, starvin, drinkin, smokin
Wishin, hopin, infra scopin
Hater prayin for the day man
What I'm sayin's hard not playin
Feel the world is Aquaman
Say them things for days it's rainin
And it's always rainin, and it's always some'n
I'ma keep on comin, I'ma keep on comin
So butterflies can't reach my stomach
to get my heartbeat jumpin and my blood flow pumpin
So my life means some'n and it ain't no frontin
for the respect you get for the work in the climbin
For the ways that's beside me and the niggaz that don't like me
Got a pistol and my iron if you wanna get to firin
We can all keep the violence, we can all get the iron
It's all about the timin if you wanna get the hype in - early!
Chorus
Top, dog, cat's don't, know (WHAT!)
Can't fuck with the flow from Y.O. (WHAT!)
Ridin too much dick, say it ain't so (YEA!)
I'm about to let the dog blow, YO!
Get the fuck out the way or get bit (C'MON!)
I ain't with the industry bullshit (UHH)
Cause this is what you'll get (UHH)
Stomped the fuck out or, shut the fuck up and (WHAT!)
Put cats down never, got the fuck up and (WHAT!)
What the fuck's up bitch, I'm tired of talkin
I'm about to let my finger do the walkin (O-KAY!)
Before we outlined in, chalk in the middle of the street
Just start to feelin a little bit of heat (C'MON!)
Don't let the steel in the street that you know go to your head
Fuck around you gon' wake up, DEAD (aight?)
I ain't playin wit'chu bitches, I got 20 years in it
But I realize, it only takes a minute, to end it
Chorus
It's Bzr Royale, come do it live
Mama say, mama sah, mama macusa!
We in {?} probably they know why
Not tryin to be funny; my time is money
See - OFTEN runnin we out the gate
My - HORSE is gunnin, we winnin this race
It's Bloodline (niggaz) it's no time (nigga)
for bitch ass (niggaz) to fool my (niggaz)
Drinkin daily, old ceiling leakin
Men seem tense still smokin, drinkin
Hammers ready for them billings
Tryna creep up in my building
Drunk ass bitches, what's the matter with your mind?
Learn how to live or you learn how to die
Kill a killa, be a killa, that's what's REALLY HOOD
That's what's REALLY GOOD, wish a NIGGA WOULD
Chorus
Chorus
YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH!
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH-HOOOO!!
YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH!
Arf arf
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Grrrr)
Uh, Yeah don't get it twisted
This rap is mine
Mother stats, are, , dead
what you heard
It's what you hearin
It's what you hearin (Listen)
It's what you hearin (Listen)
It's what you hearin (Listen)
X gon give it to ya
Fuck wait for you to get it on your own
X gon deliver to ya
Knock knock, open up the door, it's real
Wit the non-stop, pop pop and stainless steel
Go hard gettin busy wit it
But I got such a good heart
That I'll make a mother uh! wonder if he did it
Damn right and I'll do it again
Cuz I am right so I gots to win
Break bread wit the enemy
But no matter how many cats I break bread wit
I'll break who you sendin me
You mother what! never wanted nothin
But your life saved, cmon, and that's on a light day
I'm gettin down, down
Make a say freeze
But won't be the one endin up on his knees,
wooo! please, If the only thing you cats did was came out to play
stay out my way mother
First we gonna ROCK, Then we gonna ROLL
Then we let it POP, DONT LET IT GO
X gon give it to ya
He gon give it to ya
X gon give it to ya
He gon give it to ya
Ain't never gave nothin to me
But everytime I turn around
Cats got they hands out wantin something from me
I ain't got it so you can't get it
Lets leave it at that cuz I ain't wit it
Hit it wit full strength
I'm a jail
So I face the world like it's Earl in the bullpen
You against me, me against you
Whatever, whenever
What the grrr! you gon do?
I'm a wolf in sheeps clothing
Only that you know who can chill
Come back and get the streets open
I've been doing this for nineteen years
wanna fight me? Fight these tears
I put in work and it's all for the kids
But these cats done forgot what work is (UH-HUH!)
They don't know who we be
Lookin! but they don't know who they see
Aiiyo where my arf! at?!
I know I got them down in the game
Give em love and they give it back
Talk too much for too long(what)
Don't give up your to strong (What?!)
A dog to bow bow honey's
Shoutout to grrrrr that done it
And it ain't even about the dough
It's about gettin down for what you stand for yo
fo real
Hey Mimi
Word Get em boy.. get em boy!
Get em boy! Get em boy! Boyyyyyyy!
("There's nothin you can do...") X is comin' for ya, can't do nothin for ya
Cause X is comin' for ya
Run, hide, duck, duck
We don't give a fuck, fuck
Look in the mirror (uh) say my name five times
Turn out the lights (WHAT) then I done crooked nine lives
Don't get scared now nigga, finish it cause you started it
Watch shit grow out of control, now you want no part of it (c'mon)
Nigga, where yo' heart at Tell me what you made of
Already lost a stripe cause I know what you afraid of
We both know you pussy, but I ain't gonna say nuttin
Just hit a nigga off, and you can stay frontin (uhh)
I gotcha back for now, till I cased the joint (what)
Plus, give the Feds a real good place to point (what)
and laced the joint, I ain't gonna front I had my hands full
Glad to be alive, but you like, that's that bull (grrrrr)
But now you know, what you get, when you fuckin wit
cause you shoulda left alone, now you stuck in shit
Stuck in shit, til that headpiece gets BLAZED
Screamin this, ahh, cease to the grave
Its over, at least for you it is
It don't think the coroner, to see how true it is
I knew these kid, but did that stop me from gettin em, screamin
IT WAS ALL FOR THE MONEY, while I'm hittin and splittin him down
from his nose to his nuts (what)
Fire department comin, put the hose to his guts (what)
Washed away, just like dirt when it rains (uh)
And now because of you, I hurt when it rains (grrrrr)
My real name is Damien and my girl's name is Carrie
That Poltergeist bitch is hot, but too young to marry
That nigga Satan be fakin mad jacks so I taxed his ass
Every chance I get, is just another hit (uh, uh, uh, what)
Another nigga split; there go white meat - another nigga
takin up room in the mall under a white sheet (c'mon)
That's what you get for wanna to take it there (uhh)
But with this Desert Eagle in your mouth
you cryin bout let's make it fair (uhh)
Sometimes it takes pain to make the brain a little smarter (uh-huh)
When I think the rain will stop, it only starts to rain harder (uh-huh)
Part of the game is niggaz wanna become fam-ous
and doin the same shit I do, remain nameless (uh, uh, uh, uh)
I want house money, Jag money (what) so I gots ta bag money
I ain't laughin, but yo it's mad funny (c'mon)
I used to talk about that shit you got
but you ain't never got that shit when that shit get hot!
Runnin up in the spot with, two niggaz from Israel
Cause it is-real, you did squeal, now how you think yo' kids feel
knowin you died a snitch, I look in yo' and see a bitch
Wasn't surprised to see a switch (c'mon)
Let's make it quick, I got a flight at 6 goin to Pakistan
So let this nigga know, I know he pussy, I'ma smack his man (uhh)
Fuckin Willie niggas and silly niggaz
I'd rather be eatin of a plate
with all them Baltimore and Philly niggaz (WHAT)
Cause I done took about as much I can stand
A nigga smilin in my face like they my motherfuckin man
Aiyyo, it gets a lot worse, cause there's a curse (WHAT)
that says, the reward for bein real, is the hearse
before you turn thirty, cause the dirty shit you did (uhh)
catches up and get you right when you thought you slid
It's gettin dark, and with the cold to the heart
You realize, you ain't gonna see your shorty
old enough to walk, for real
Ah shit, what the fuck?
Are you serious?
Hit the motherfuckin' floor, baby!
Let's go!
Uh, uh, uh, YEAH!
Uh, uh, uh, YEAH!
Uh, uh, uh, YEAH!
Let's go!
Y'all lookin' for names, I'm lookin' for beats
Y'all lookin' for fame, I live in the streets
Y'all talk the talk, but I walk the walk
School street, home of the brave, NEW YORK
Y'all make movies, but I make moves
Straight up, y'all got somethin' to prove
Y'all niggaz duck, but I swing back
Y'all niggaz run, but I bring gats
Y'all niggaz whisper, "X is a crackhead"
Aight fuck it, I'ma just crack heads
I bang niggaz that cross the line
Y'all niggaz talk shit from way behind
I stand my ground, but y'all niggaz don't
Shit I go to jail, but y'all niggaz won't
Y'all niggaz walk around and get scared
But I don't give a fuck, I don't care
Chorus
I ain't a dancing nigga, I just move to the beat
Sit there and nod my head but won't move my feet
Gangsta, so I'm holdin' up the walk
That dancing shit up to the rest of y'all
Y'all niggaz is pussy, straight up ass
I keep that thing, and I'll blast
letcha man know, he don't wanna push me
Remember, it's you not me that's pussy
Y'all niggaz walk light on your toes
I come through hard, kickin' down doors
I spit a mean 16 without a pause
Then let 16 go just because
You in it for the dough, I'm in it for life
You in jail beatin' your dick, I'm fuckin' your wife
I bring the drama, I bring the noise
Kidnap yo mama, bring her to the boys
I make shit happen with one word
You take shit laughin' nigga, you's a bird
I take niggaz for everything they got
That's why I'm the dog and you not
Chorus
You could be blind
But you gon' see it when you need to see it
You gon' be fine
'Cause you gon' be here when you need to be here
One of a kind
First free your mind, and then you'll free your spirit
Go where I go, dog in my life
Now if you start with dirt, then you start with hurt
You start with "Oh, you ain't got?"
Well here, take my shirt
Start with work, blood and tears over the years
Goin' through whatever we go through, we stickin' it out here
Pups turn into dogs, tadpoles into frogs
I'm just eatin' what's in front of me, ain't thinking about yours
But I'ma keep my paws on what's mine
Beg 'til I find
Strapped 'til I'm blind
A nigga that whatever I do, still gon' be able to spit this
I'm wit' this, 'cause this is mine, you scared shitless
Rap niggas can't fuck with the dog
Never, could be twenty below outside
I'm built for the weather
It could be hotter than lava, I wouldn't bother to sweat
Some of you niggas, form a following, but you startin' to forget
I paid my dues, not only did you not wear
But you would really love it
If you could meet that cat that made my shoes
C'mon!
Now see, what I do is peep shit, keep shit low
Keep paying attention to what you trying to show me
Livin', but you never know, we livin'
Don't give me what you don't owe me
Don't tell me that you love me
Don't talk shit, don't kill me slowly
'Cause a dog like me, is an only
Meaning, hit another like you, truth hurts, but I can't be phony
You always looking for bad, look at you mad
But you won't be satisfied 'til it took what you had
(Aight) I'm a thoro nigga, I keep my word
And anybody that's ever met me, got love for me
So I keep a heard
And that shit y'all niggas told me got me fucked up in the head
Went from, "Yo, that's my dog"
To, "Yeah, that nigga dead"
What the fuck is all this?
News to me
Dog it's like shit ain't what it used to be
See some niggas choose to be on the other side of the fence
Keep riding with this, get fried in the mix
C'mon!
Now if it ain't that, then don't say that
'Cause I don't play that, y'all play that
But the poke ain't black, damn, why you say that?
I thought that...what?
Nevermind, I just thought it
We supposed to keep it real
I destroy what I was taught
Misery, love, company
Now you niggas talikin' 'bout jumpin' me, pumpin' me
Full of slugs, blood, stud with the love
Damn, I just gave, what a real, nigga does
Don't listen to the buzz, don't get caught up in the hype
You'll lose everything that you worked for
Trying to take a nigga's stripes
Live life through life, and so on and so on
That's when the grow on, man, get your flow on
You niggas gettin' too old for this kid shit
On the real, we all done did shit to get shit
Snake shit, right is better, wrong is wrong
Mo'herfucker, listen to this song
You see what shit I'm on
C'mon!
Niggas is dead, dead I tell you, can't be serious
What you think is gonna happen
with three of the illest niggas together
Street music and so fourth on one track,huh?
Can't be serious, it's murda nigga, huh, it's Murda
Motha fuckers wanna kill me but don't got the heart
To look me in the eyes with the nine and spark
Cause whether your for or against this
When I spit with murderous intentions, everybody goes everybody knows
The weapons I possess they not for show
And you put dresses on your weapons when you walk out the door
See once I flash mother fuckers better do the one shot dash
Or be one shot ass
J to the A-Y to the drive by to your hood screamin bye-bye to you
Why would you fuck with me
Knowing I put you six feet deep and them niggas could die wit'cha
Cock the hot pistol and pop the hot Cristal
And promise you only one thing, to not miss you
Jahova know the god that served ya
Cause dead or alive when I arrive it's Murda
Shit I hope ya'll niggas know to lay low now
Cause thou shall perish if you don't bow down
Cause I hit em on sight, its dark dim the lights
You shot twice god bless to this the night
That alot of niggas fear the coming of their life
And you dead right be in hell looking for ice
Fuckin with Ja you bitch niggas talking shit
All on my dick you broke niggas making me rich
You gonna blaze me cause you high ripped off the henne rock
Flow semi-hot handling me your not
Check my forte not even on a bad day you beat this
Rather beat your dick or your bitch
My flow be the sick shit, gravely ill
Niggas dying cause they know I spit like iron, nothing but bark flyin
Flows and mics, hell and night, go together like heaven and light
Niggas ain't seein my plight, It's alright
I let the world know I shine like ice
I bet it all I can throw a hard four in the dice
Cause I'm a gambling man, you should gamble with a gat in your hand
Spin in barrel and put it to your head
Cause we don't dance no more all we do is cock and spit
Dedicated to giving you nothing but thug shit
Think we playing, you undoubtable fall further
Fuckin with I N C is Murda
I'm a cruddy nigga, goin raw-doggin dirty bitches
and if I get burnt, I'm givin that shit to thirty bitches
You say you know a nigga like me, guess again Poppy
I might smile up in your face but I ain't your friend Poppy
Jump out the fifteen hundred like runnin, niggas don't want it
Get it, Done it, when I'm blunted
However it went down, I made it happen, made it scrapin
I made it fussin, bustin, I made it cappin
And lettin off wasn't nothing new to a nigga
Something to do to a nigga, Cause you is a fool nigga
I know your type, you hype, all up off that fake shit
You can't understand why a man would have to take shit
Or steal shit, but this is that real, niggas kill shit, peel shit
I hit you in your head you won't feel shit!!!
URRUURRRR.....
Let the dogs lose on a niggas ass
Find out if the niggas faster then the trigger's blast
A fucking snake in the truest form
Knowin damn well that what I do is wrong, plus what I do is strong
Niggas is makin movies so i gots to stop production
I need a block to function and maybe I'll stop destructin
The blocks is not for frontin, So let me get that shorty
Cause you don't need that shorty
you don't know what to do with that shorty
You might as well hit this 40, before you hit the floor
Another 24, What you want, Money, More!?!
Them niggas did it raw, with no condom
You find em, sayin sorry he for what he said before I blind them
Get the flame out the four fifth, and there aint gonna be no more riff
Dog you want a floss tiff, but would of made it to the door if
Bullets travled alot slower, and you ran alot faster
But they don't and you can't so don't think about after
Cause tomorrow ain't comin, so stop runnin
cause you gonna die like a sucker
Murder Motherfucker!!!
Uh!, where my mother fucking dogs at, Uh, Uh
My nigga Jigga, My dog Ja, Irv Gotti, Rough Riders, Def Jam
Where my dogs at, Top Fight Uh, Where my dogs at
Hold me down baby, Hold me down baby, Hold me down baby
Boomer One Love Nigga, URRUURRRR, Murda Motherfucker..
